 spain.477.o1: "NO-body expects the Spanish Inquisition!"
 spain.476.t: "Spain turns to Fascism again"
 spain.476.d: "Today, the Spanish fascist rebels forcibly entered Parliament. With the popular support, the Monarchy was dissolved and a new fascist government replaced it. What will happen in Spain now? Will the new Fascist government follow the dream of imperial rebirth by force, or is there a possible diplomatic focus?"
 spain.476.o1: "The future is bright for Spain."
 spain.476.o2: "A fascist state outside the European Union? This is a collusion!"
 spain.476.o3: "Only future will tell..."
 spain.2.t: "Fuero del Trabajo"
 spain.2.d: "It is an interventionist law that regulates labor and economic life, specifically in matters related to working hours, vacations, minimum wages and prices. Such concessions are nothing more than regulations of economic life and are subordinated to the interest of the nation, so that even recognizing private initiative, the State could replace it twice: when it failed or when the public interest demanded it. It laid the foundations of Social Security while promising two novel concepts: free the married woman from the workshop and the factory and to facilitate the ownership of the home, the cultivated land and also the work tool. It establishes the foundations of the Vertical Syndicate that groups both entrepreneurs and employees: technicians and workers. Creates the Labor Magistrature."
 spain.2.o1: "Homeland, Bread and Justice"
 spain.3.t: "National Institute of Industry"
 spain.3.d: "Article 1 of its founding law: «To propel and finance, in the service of the Nation, the creation and resurgence of our industries, especially those that are proposed as the main purpose of solving the problems imposed by the demands of the defense Of the country or that are directed to the development of our economic autarky»."
 spain.3.o1: "The Industry of Spain"
 spain.4.t: "Military Penitentiary Colonies"
 spain.4.d: "Coordinated by the so-called Military Penitentiary Colonies Service (SCPM), it is constituted as part of the instruments of repression. They end up in these concentration camps from political dissidents, homosexuals and ordinary prisoners. As in many other concentration camps, the prisoners are ranked in such a way that violent common prisoners (therefore without political or ideological motivations) are on a step higher than most of the prisoners there, working as watchmen of the latter. The fields are characterized by the labor exploitation of the prisoners, organized in battalions of workers."
 spain.4.o1: "Homeland, Bread and Justice"
 spain.5.t: "National Information and Research Service"
 spain.5.d: "The National Information and Research Service is an intelligence service belonging to the Spanish Falange and JONS party that operates as a kind of police force, with the mission of monitoring opponents and making personal reports. The Falange Information Service is also charged with investigating the past of the candidates for the Vertical Syndicate election and overseeing the electoral process itself."
 spain.5.o1: "¡Arriba España!"
 spain.6.t: "Frente de Juventudes"
 spain.6.d: "The Youth Front is a section of the political party Falange Española Tradicionalista and of the JONS for the framing and political indoctrination of the young Spaniards. The aims of the Youth Front are clearly set out in its Founding Law, and are addressed to the whole of the Spanish youth, both voluntarily affiliated, as, and here lies the uniqueness of the Front and its influence on Spanish society, the unaffiliated , Which are called "framed" and are divided into "schoolchildren" (of all educational levels), "apprentices" (workers), and "rural" (peasants). Volunteer youths formed Volunteer Phalanges, which are organized into three groups or "legions": Arrows (10 to 13 years), Cadets (14 to 16 years) and Guides (17 to 20 years). The basic unit is the squadron, and the commandos are denominated squadron, phalanx, centuria and legion. The command of the FF.VV. Of the province corresponded to the provincial assistant. As more outstanding activities of the FF.V.V. Stand out the homes, camps, marches and Mountain Schools. The basic human support of the Youth Front is constituted by the Special Corps of Instructional Officers trained in the "José Antonio" Mandos Academy in Madrid, with degrees in Physical Education, Civic-Social Formation and Camps."
 spain.6.o1: "Snowy mountains"
 spain.7.t: "Sección Femenina"
 spain.7.d: "The Women's Section was officially organized on July 12, 1934, as a female branch of the Spanish Falange of the JONS party. The Falange had been founded a year earlier by his brother Jose Antonio Primo de Rivera, who placed his sister Pilar in front of the Women's Section. During the Second Spanish Republic, female members of the Women's Section carried out tasks in support of the male militancy of the party, especially visits to party prisoners and their families, as well as liaison between prisoners and the street (messages, slogans, etc.). The organization had about 2500 members by July 1936. The ideology of the Women's Section was marked by Jose Antonio Primo de Rivera, "true feminism should not consist in wanting for women the functions that are now considered superior, but in surrounding each A time of greater human and social dignity to the feminine functions ". The ultimate aim of the Women's Section was to disseminate in the social imaginary the figure of the woman as the perfect angel of the home, and fundamental pillar of the family and traditional values."
 spain.7.o1: "¡Arriba España!"
 spain.8.t: "National Syndicalism"
 spain.8.d: "Anti-parliamentary and contrary to political parties, it defends corporatism based on a totalitarian state through a single and vertical union in which would be joined by employers and workers at the service of the nation. It defines anti-capitalist and anti-Marxist (third position) and stands out for its extreme nationalism and its defense of Catholicism, contemplating the revolutionary way to reach its political objectives."
 spain.8.o1: "¡Arriba España!"
 spain.9.t: "Black Agenda"
 spain.9.d: "Totalitarian rulers with their rhetoric against the oligarchy and corrupt politicians are spreading among many Spaniards, and it is possible that their popularity could continue to increase until it reaches the highest levels of power. But until then, everything is just speculation."
 spain.9.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.10.t: "Purge the Army"
 spain.10.d: "Our intelligence agencies have carried out operations throughout the country to eliminate all political enemies within the Armed Forces, purging the traitors of our glorious nation. We are now free of leftist influence and can begin to build our New Spanish Empire."
 spain.10.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.11.t: "Purge the Police"
 spain.11.d: "Our intelligence agencies have carried out operations throughout the country to eliminate all political enemies framed in the State Security Forces and Corps, purging the traitors of our glorious nation. We are now free of leftist influence and can begin to build our New Spanish Empire."
 spain.11.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.12.t: "Purge the Education System"
 spain.12.d: "Administrative repression will be practiced in the Education System with special intensity, both in primary and secondary education as in universities. Pioneering institutions of higher education and leftist court research are dismantled because they are considered subversive, and educational content will be revised to fit the strict political, religious and cultural criteria of the New Regime at all levels of education."
 spain.12.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.13.t: "Purge the Administration"
 spain.13.d: "Practiced with all state officials, both in central institutions, as well as in councils and municipalities, it is carried out through a purge process known as the debugging. Officials are punished with sanctions ranging from imprisonment, forced transfer, suspension of employment and salary, disqualification and separation. In order to obtain a place, priority was given to those loyal to the Movement, and it was required to present "certificates of good conduct" issued by the local chief of FET and JONS through the reports of the Information Service Research- ."
 spain.13.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.14.t: "Purge the Intellectuals"
 spain.14.d: "Our intelligence agencies have carried out operations across the country to eliminate all political enemies who are part of the hateful red intelligentsia, purging the traitors of our glorious nation. We are now free of leftist influence and can begin to build our New Spanish Empire."
 spain.14.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.15.t: "Purge political enemies"
 spain.15.d: "Our intelligence agencies have carried out a last operation throughout the country to eliminate all remaining intellectuals, purging the traitors of our glorious nation. We are now free of leftist influence and can begin to build our new Pacific empire."
 spain.15.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.16.t: "The Central Corridor"
 spain.16.d: "The Central Corridor is a rail corridor of passengers and merchandise that travels from the north to the Iberian Peninsula. Along with the Atlantic Corridor and the Mediterranean Corridor are the three main transport networks of both people and goods of the Iberian peninsula with the rest of the European continent. The initial stretch belongs to the High Speed ​​Line Madrid-Zaragoza-Barcelona-French Border. The freight route is separated in the Penedes, continuing along the conventional Barcelona-Madrid line via Caspe. From Madrid, the passenger corridor runs along the Madrid-Sevilla high-speed line, and the freight train continues on the conventional route via Despeñaperros. In Andalusia the corridor ends in the ports of Seville and Algeciras, adding part of the Axis Transverse Railroad of Andalusia that serves to communicate both ports."
 spain.16.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.17.t: "The Mediterranean Corridor"
 spain.17.d: "The Mediterranean Corridor is the term under which is denominated a set of railway lines in the east of Spain destined to the transport of passengers and merchandise and that run mainly parallel to the Mediterranean coast. Its route covers the autonomous communities of Catalonia, Valencian Community, Murcia and Andalusia. Due to its connection with the European high-speed lines and its interoperability with the main Spanish ports, it is one of the most important railroads in the economic and commercial area of ​​the country. The concept comprises several different lines, both by its type (high speed, conventional line, goods line ...), its situation (in service, in project construction, in planning ...), and its scope. Next to the Central Corridor and the Atlantic Corridor is one of the three main transport lines of the Iberian Peninsula with the rest of the European continent of both people and goods. Among the different past and future lines that are included in the Mediterranean Corridor are three: the line between Barcelona and La Encina (Alicante) remodeled to allow traffic at 220 km / h, the high speed line that complements the previous one between Almería And the French border that is partially under construction, and a future line dedicated to merchandise."
 spain.17.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.18.t: "The Atlantic Corridor"
 spain.18.d: "The Atlantic Corridor is a passenger and freight rail corridor that connects the ports of the Atlantic facade with the interior and the rest of Europe. Along with the Central Corridor and the Mediterranean Corridor will be the three main transport networks of both people and goods of the Iberian peninsula with the rest of the European continent. The main section runs through Madrid-Irún, through the reformed conventional line and the high-speed lines that make up this route: LAV Madrid-Valladolid, part of LAV Valladolid-León, LaV Venta de Baños-Burgos-Miranda Of Ebro and the Basque Y. From this trunk leaves branches for passengers and goods to Bilbao, Oviedo (from Venta de Baños) and Portugal via Salamanca (from Medina del Campo). Also included is the Galician cross axis, mixed between La Coruña and Santiago de Compostela, and to Vigo for goods. The connection between this axis and the main one is made through the Olmedo-Zamora-Galicia high speed line for travelers, and from Leon for goods. Santander will join the road through Bilbao. Logistic nodes are planned in Madrid, Valladolid, Lezo, Zalia, Salamanca, Monforte de Lemos, Vigo and La Coruña."
 spain.18.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.19.t: "Economic and Social Development Plans I"
 spain.19.d: "The poles of industrial development appear, with important incidence in cities like Valladolid, Vigo, Corunna, Saragossa and Seville. It focuses on the Polo Industrial Promotion of Burgos and the Chemical Pole of Huelva. A result of a 6.4% increase in P.N.B."
 spain.19.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.20.t: "Economic and Social Development Plans II"
 spain.20.d: "The poles of industrial development arise, consolidating the already developed ones, with important incidence in cities like Bilbao, Leon, Castellón, Zaragoza and Ciudad Real. It focuses on the increase of raw materials and the steel sector. A result of a 7.4% increase in P.N.B."
 spain.20.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.21.t: "Economic and Social Development Plans III"
 spain.21.d: "The poles of industrial development in Valladolid, Zaragoza and Seville are replaced (although obviously that does not mean that they disappear) by new ones considered more priority in Granada, Cordoba and Oviedo."
 spain.21.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.22.t: "State National Syndicalism"
 spain.22.d: "Fascism is a totalitarian movement insofar as it aspires to intervene in all aspects of the individual's life. Any form of individual or collective action alien to the ends of the State is rejected. There has been a "nationalization" of all areas of life: economic, social, political, cultural and ideological. The social framing is carried out with all means of propaganda, with the adoption of uniforms and military language and the massive use of patriotic and indoctrinating symbols and slogans. Large concentrations and collective mobilizations of all kinds seek to form the unitary consciousness. The identification of people and state is done in an organic whole, that of a quasi-biological and autonomous organism whose members are to respond to the orders of the directing mind."
 spain.22.o1: "¡Arriba España!"
 spain.23.t: "Promotion of Economic Growth"
 spain.23.d: "From the different administrations of the State, measures are being implemented to promote and strengthen the economic fabric of Spain, both in the private sector and in the State."
 spain.23.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.24.t: "Strengthening of the Peseta"
 spain.24.d: "On the part of the current government have been carried out measures in relation to the national monetary policy, to adapt to the present and future economic reality of the nation. Being the most controversial aspect in the system that supports the national currency, or to follow as a booster the Bank of Spain or transform the current system to the Silver System."
 spain.24.o1: "Bank of Spain"
 spain.24.o2: "Gold System"
 spain.25.t: "Program for Aid to Reindustrialization"
 spain.25.d: "The Program for Aid to Reindustrialization is a line of action that plays an important role in the economic and social development of the State as a whole, through the creation of new industrial fabric or the adaptation of the existing one to the technological improvements available in the territorial areas of Lower income and those especially affected by restructuring processes and / or industrial relocation. The question that we are facing is to move towards rapid industrial growth regardless of its consequences, or to focus on the generation of new technologies and renewable energies."
 spain.25.o1: "Heavy industry"
 spain.25.o2: "Renewable Energy"
 spain.26.t: "Agricultural Improvement"
 spain.26.d: "The agricultural sector stands out as one of the sectors of the economy that can be dynamized and competitive in the international market. To whom will we attach greater importance?"
 spain.26.o1: "With the landowners"
 spain.26.o2: "With the peasants"
 spain.27.t: "Offer from the Spanish State"
 spain.27.d: "The Spanish national company CEPSA claimed they've found a oil deposit off the shores of our country... they offered to build oil wells and stuff, while giving us our fair share. Should we accept?"
 spain.27.o1: "Of course we should"
 spain.27.o2: "It's our oil and we don't want to share it with anyone!"
 spain.28.t: "[From.GetName] refuses oil deal!"
 spain.28.d: "Our fair offer sent to [From.GetName] was refused! They claim the oil deposit is their, and they don't want to share it with anyone."
 spain.28.o1: "They are gonna pay for that."
 spain.29.t: "[From.GetName] accepts oil deal!"
 spain.29.d: "Our offer has been accepted by the [From.GetAdjective] government. They will allow us to build oil wells in the new oil deposit we found, as long as they will get their fair share out of it."
 spain.29.o1: "We get resources, they get resources. Win-win!"
 spain.30.t: "Offer from the Spanish State"
 spain.30.d: "The Spanish national company CEPSA claimed they've found a oil deposit off the shores of our country... they offered to build oil wells and stuff, while giving us our fair share. Should we accept?"
 spain.30.o1: "Of course we should"
 spain.30.o2: "It's our oil and we don't want to share it with anyone!"
 spain.31.t: "Our offer refused!"
 spain.31.d: "Our fair offer sent to [From.GetName] was refused! They claim the oil deposit is their, and they don't want to share it with anyone."
 spain.31.o1: "They are gonna pay for that."
 spain.32.t: "Spanish Economic Miracle"
 spain.32.d: "The recent boom in the industry has given our national economy a surprising and in most cases unexpected momentum, from construction to finance and many other sectors. There has been an expansion of industries in the former industrial areas, in the Basque Country and the north coast of Ferrol or Vigo (metallurgy, shipbuilding), around Barcelona (automobiles, machinery, textile, petrochemical) and Consolidation of Madrid as an important industrial and commercial area. Spain has the third highest growth rate in the world and has become one of the largest economy in the world. We are now called to exercise our deserved place among the powers and to influence politically those nations that are within our sphere of influence."
 spain.32.o1: "Hispanic America"
 spain.32.o2: "Europa"
 spain.33.t: "The Spanish National Research Council"
 spain.33.d: "The Spanish National Research Council (Spanish: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, CSIC) is the largest public institution dedicated to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. Its main objective is to develop and promote research that will help bring about scientific and technological progress, and it is prepared to collaborate with Spanish and foreign entities in order to achieve this aim. CSIC plays an important role in scientific and technological policy, since it encompasses an area that takes in everything from basic research to the transfer of knowledge to the productive sector. Its research is driven by its centres and institutes, which are spread across all the autonomous regions. CSIC has 6% of all the staff dedicated to Research and Development in Spain, and they generate approximately 20% of all scientific production in the country. It also manages a range of important facilities; the most complete and extensive network of specialist libraries, and also has joint research units."
 spain.33.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.34.t: "Area of ​​Spanish Influence"
 spain.34.d: "Once economic development has been consolidated and diplomatic action has taken place among the sister nations of the Hispanic community, different trade agreements have been made to guarantee markets for our products and the obtaining of raw materials, displacing the eternal enemies of the Hispanic races."
 spain.34.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.35.t: "Spanish National Health System"
 spain.35.d: "Recognition that the right to health protection is a fundamental human right and the conviction that the pursuit of the highest possible level of health is an inalienable objective throughout the world."
 spain.35.o1: "Health For All"
 spain.35.o2: "The General Health Law"
 spain.36.t: "Nationalize the Banking"
 spain.36.d: "We defend the tendency to nationalize the Banking service and, through corporations, to that of large public services."
 spain.36.o1: "Nationalize"
 spain.36.o2: "Limitation"
 spain.37.t: "Research and Technology"
 spain.37.d: "We must raise the whole trance the level of research, permanent nursery of Spain. To this end, we are committed to carrying out the economic reform and the social reform of Research and Technology."
 spain.37.o1: "Genetics Research"
 spain.37.o2: "Computing Politics"
 spain.38.t: "Productivity and Competitiveness"
 spain.38.d: "Improving the competitiveness of Spanish industry could generate additional GDP growth of 2.3%. To realize this increase, it would be necessary to increase productivity per employee and boost investment in R & D, which would translate into increases in activity of 1.13% and 1.17%, respectively. But if the industry were able to increase the average size of its companies and Spain as a country to improve factors such as the quality of education or the administrative burden, this contribution to economic growth would be much greater. In terms of R & D, Spanish industry invests 0.84% ​​of the value of its production, while the European average exceeds 1.5%, or almost double. If we calculate that every 10% of R & D differential would imply a GDP growth of 0.13%, the improvement of this factor would be equivalent to a GDP increase of 1.17%. The possibilities of increasing the volume of investment in R & D in Spanish industry are, among other measures, attracting one or more of the innovation centers that large multinationals have deployed in other countries - which is not easy to prioritize. , And / or to enhance the innovative activity of small and medium local industry."
 spain.38.o1: "To invest I+D"
 spain.38.o2: "Wage policy (Reduce and Freeze)"
 spain.39.t: "¡Una, Grande y Libre!"
 spain.39.d: "We have Empire will. We affirm that the historical fullness of Spain is the Empire. We demand for Spain a pre-eminent place in Europe. We can not bear neither international isolation nor foreign mediation. With regard to the countries of Latin America, we tend to unify culture, economic interests and power. Spain claims its status as the spiritual axis of the Hispanic world as a title of preeminence in universal companies. Our armed forces-on land, at sea, and in the air-must be as capable and numerous as is necessary to ensure Spain at all times the complete independence and the world hierarchy that corresponds to it. We return to the Army of land, sea and air all the public dignity it deserves and we will, in its image, make a military sense of life inform the whole Spanish existence. Spain will return to seek its glory and its wealth by the routes of the sea. Spain has to aspire to be a great maritime power, for war and for commerce."
 spain.39.o1: "Enhancing Diplomacy"
 spain.39.o2: "Empower Militarism"
 spain.40.t: "Spain demands immediate annexation!"
 spain.40.d: "An outrageous demand has just reached us, Spain asks for our immediate annexation! The nation is ready to face war with Spain, but many lives could be lost, and the possibilities that our country will win the war are few... What should we do?"
 spain.40.o1: "Looks like we are all Spanish now..."
 spain.40.o2: "Outrageous Demands! The International community will surely back us."
 spain.41.t: "[From.GetName] accept to be annexed!"
 spain.41.d: "[From.GetName] has decided to accept our requests, they are now part of the Spanish State."
 spain.41.o1: "Bien."
 spain.42.t: "[From.GetName] rechazan la anexión!"
 spain.42.d: "[From.GetName] has decided not to accept our requests..."
 spain.42.o1: "[From.GetName] is soon to be a wasteland then!"
 spain.43.t: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.43.d: "Today, monarchist supporters organized a coup in Madrid, Spain, leading their candidate to become absolute monarch."
 spain.43.o1: "Casa de Borbón"
 spain.43.o2: "Casa de Borbón-Parma"
 spain.44.t: "Spanish Political Influence"
 spain.45.t: "Neomercantilism"
 spain.45.d: "Neomercantilism is a policy regime that encourages exports, discourages imports, controls capital movement, and centralizes currency decisions in the hands of a central government. The objective of neo-mercantilist policies is to increase the level of foreign reserves held by the government, allowing more effective monetary policy and fiscal policy."
 spain.45.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.46.t: "Social State"
 spain.46.d: "It is considered that the social State is a socio-political-economic system defined by a set of legal, political and economic conditions. In general terms most authors of philosophy of law agree that a social state of law aims to strengthen services and guarantee rights, considered essential to maintain the standard of living necessary to participate as a full member in society."
 spain.46.o1: "Large"
 spain.46.o2: "Reduced"
 spain.47.t: "Reales Academias"
 spain.47.d: "The Real Academies are Spanish institutions of research and cultural, scientific and artistic divulgation. Many of them arose during the Enlightenment covered by the Crown as a way of establishing a centralized system of cultural institutions parallel to that formed by universities, which were seen as uncontrollable medieval vestiges by the State."
 spain.47.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.48.t: "Dismantle the Parliamentary Farce"
 spain.48.d: "Both the Senate and the Parliament are plagued by corrupt and plutocrats who only care about expanding their bank accounts in Switzerland. Let's end them by supporting us in the popular classes by strengthening our position as a monarch."
 spain.48.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.49.t: "Estatuto Fundamental de la Monarquía"
 spain.49.d: "Once we have done away with the parliamentary farce and repealed the expired current constitution, we are going to start a process that culminates with a new fundamental law of the Monarchy. The king does not constitute the "moderating power" proper to a Constitutional Monarchy, but its powers are close to those of the monarchs of the Old Regime. Name freely the ministers, without the ministers having to give account of their actions before the Cortes; He has the exclusive legislative initiative, together with the Government appointed by him, on matters as important as foreign policy, relations with the Catholic Church, trade agreements, defense, reform of the Constitution and taxes and prescriptions, and Has a right of veto over the laws approved by the Cortes, by sharing with them the legislative power; With the agreement of the Government appointed by him, may close the Cortes without any limitation and suspend without public rights and freedoms, in addition to the assumption of exceptional powers in cases of grave internal disturbance that threatens or jeopardizes general peace '; And may interfere with the decisions of the judiciary. In addition the king controls the Council of the Kingdom and its Standing Commission."
 spain.49.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.50.t: "Valores Tradicionales"
 spain.50.d: "History has shown that civilizations that are not biologically capable of perpetuating themselves are destined to disappear and disappear. Our civilization, Europe, today is not able to do so. Massive immigration, which many propose as a remedy, provokes tensions that lead to more conflicts and political earthquakes, due to cultural, religious and lifestyle differences. Common sense dictates that Spain and Europe in the future must face their demographic problems by a natural way, respecting and protecting family and Catholic moral values."
 spain.50.o1: "Fatherland, Faith and Family!"
 spain.51.t: "Plus Ultra"
 spain.51.d: "This motto was used to encourage sailors to challenge and forget the ancient Greek mythology warning that Hercules had placed two pillars in the Strait of Gibraltar, and was believed to be the boundary of the World, the last frontier that the Navigators of the Mediterranean could reach. It was the Non Terrae Plus Ultra in reference to Finisterre, but this motto lost its symbolic power as a result of Christopher Columbus arriving in the West Indies across the Atlantic Ocean in 1492. Since then, Has been the motto of Spain."
 spain.51.o1: "Potenciar la Diplomacia"
 spain.51.o2: "Potenciar el Militarismo"
 spain.52.t: "Gran Conquista de Ultramar"
 spain.52.d: "After the discovery of America in 1492, Spain explored and colonized large areas of territory in America, from the present southwest of the United States, Mexico, and the Caribbean, to Central America, most of South America, and the northwestern coast of North America (now Alaska And British Columbia). All these territories were integrated in the Crown of Castile and later in the Spanish Crown. Initially they were organized in two viceroyalties, that of New Spain and that of Peru. With the discovery and settlement of several Pacific archipelagos in the late sixteenth century, the Spanish East Indies formed by the Philippines, the Marianas (which included Guam) and the Carolinas (including the Palaos) were incorporated into the empire under the jurisdiction of The New Spain. Later, the Virreinato of Peru was divided in two: the one of New Granada and the one of Peru, and finally the one of the River of the Silver was created."
 spain.52.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.53.t: "Capitanía General de Cuba"
 spain.53.d: "The governorship of Cuba and the successor captain-general of the same name included the island of Cuba, Jamaica until 1655, the province of La Florida from 1567 and Spanish Louisiana from 1763. The Cuban administration was dominated since then by captains general, For the most part. Some of them were rewarded their performance being later elevated to viceroys of New Spain. From 1825, the captain general of Cuba was endowed with ample powers in the branches of Government, Justice and Finance, in addition to remaining the maximum military authority. And from the second half of the nineteenth century, it was also its general governor when the continental colonies in America had been lost."
 spain.53.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.54.t: "Capitanía General de Filipinas"
 spain.54.d: "In 1521, the arrival of the explorer Fernando de Magallanes marked the beginning of an era of influence and later Spanish dominion. Miguel López de Legazpi established the first Spanish settlement in the Philippines in 1565, with the founding of Cebu. In 1571 he founded the city of Manila, which would become the administrative and economic center of the Spanish Empire in Asia and the port of departure of the Manila Galleon bound for Acapulco. Three centuries of Spanish colonization gave rise to a Hispanic-Asian culture, evident in the art, music, gastronomy and customs of the Philippines, especially its Catholic religion. A Philippine variant of the Spanish language also emerged, which flourished in the second half of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century."
 spain.54.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.55.t: "Virreinato del Perú"
 spain.55.d: "The immense viceroyalty covered much of the territory of South America, including Panama. It remained outside him, as well as realengo, Venezuela and Brazil, that on the Atlantic Ocean, belonged to Portugal."
 spain.55.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.56.t: "Virreinato de Nueva España"
 spain.56.d: "The viceroyalty of New Spain was an integral territorial entity of the Spanish Empire, established in much of North America by the Crown during its dominion in the New World, between centuries XVI and XIX. It originated after the fall of Mexico-Tenochtitlán, main event of the conquest, which properly did not end until much later, as its territory continued to grow towards the north."
 spain.56.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.57.t: "Legado Borbónico"
 spain.57.d: "His Majesty the King has stated in the Council of the Kingdom that following the example of The Hundred Thousand Sons of St. Louis we must now support the restoration of the reign of the House of Bourbon in France in the Legitimist branch represented by Luis Alfonso de Borbón, future Luis XX of France."
 spain.57.o1: "Vive le Roi!"
 spain.58.t: "Spain pursues European Policy"
 spain.58.d: "Recently the Prime Minister of Spain claimed that his country will now be following a policy of European friendship. The intentions of the European countries is to enlarge the union and eventually unify the country into a single one, which is set to become the undisputed superpower of the European Continent."
 spain.58.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.59.t: "Tratado de Maastricht"
 spain.59.d: "The Maastricht Treaty (formally, the Treaty on European Union or TEU) undertaken to integrate Europe was signed on 7 February 1992 by the members of the European Community in Maastricht, Netherlands. On 9–10 December 1991, the same city hosted the European Council which drafted the treaty. Upon its entry into force on 1 November 1993 during the Delors Commission, it created the three pillars structure of the European Union and led to the creation of the single European currency, the euro. TEU comprised two novel titles respectively on Common Foreign and Security Policy and Cooperation in the Fields of Justice and Home Affairs, which replaced the former informal intergovernmental cooperation bodies named TREVI and European Political Cooperation on EU Foreign policy coordination. In addition TEU also comprised three titles which amended the three pre-existing community treaties: Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, Treaty establishing the European Coal and Steel Community, and the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community which had its abbreviation renamed from TEEC to TEC (being known as TFEU since 2007)."
 spain.59.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.60.t: "Euro convergence criteria"
 spain.60.d: "One of the pillars of European economic policy is the Growth and Stability Pact. Established in Maastricht, it defines the economic conditions necessary to be integrated into the economic and monetary union project: a budget deficit of less than 3% of GDP, a public debt below 60% of GDP and inflation of less than 2%. The Growth and Stability Pact has generalized fiscal rigor among EU Member States, imposing austerity as the only adoptable economic policy. Having to adjust to a 3% government deficit requires, in a context of repeated regressive fiscal reforms, and above all, in the face of a situation marked by the fall in revenue, a reduction in public spending."
 spain.60.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.61.t: "Common Agricultural Policy"
 spain.61.d: "One of the pillars of food sovereignty is the right of peoples to organize their agri-food system and policies according to their needs. This is completely incompatible with the CAP (Common Agricultural Policy of the European Union), which promoted and continues to promote the dismantling of the agricultural sector in Spain in favor of the services sector, subsidizes monocultural and latifundist agriculture, and which only defends the interests Of a few landowners."
 spain.61.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.62.t: "Estate Liberalization"
 spain.62.d: "Under the argument that the high price of land, coupled with the discretion in management prevents access to housing, and in order to reduce the land, proposes measures aimed at increasing the supply of available land for urbanization. In order to do this, it eliminates the distinction between programmed and non-programmable urbanizable land, all of which is now developmentable."
 spain.62.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.63.t: "Systematization of Privatizations I"
 spain.63.d: "Aznar disposed of the crown jewels: Endesa, Tabacalera (now in Altadis), Repsol, Telefonica, Argentaria or Gas Natural, something that had already begun his predecessor in office. Only a year after winning the elections, in 1997, the PP began to sell. Under his mandate, the main companies in sectors of major importance in the Spanish economy, such as electricity, gas, oil, transport, telecommunications, were privatized. In total, some 50 companies were privatized, leaving an income of 30 billion euros Euros, of which more than 22,000 million correspond to IPOs. In 1996, the deficit was 5.5% and public debt amounted to 67.4%. According to the University of Oviedo study cited above, with Felipe González, the annual revenues obtained from privatizations represented only 10% of the deficit, while in 1997 and 1998 (with Aznar) the proportion increased to 60-75% , "Which contributed to the reduction of the deficit and public debt and to enable Spain to meet the Maastricht requirement of reducing the fiscal deficit to below 3% of GDP. Not everyone agrees with this supposed economic miracle of Aznar, since privatizations usually serve to reduce the level of public debt but not the structural deficit, since they only produce income in the year of sale. Aznar, the king of privatizations, later found accommodation in one of the companies he privatized, Endesa. As much other ex-politics."
 spain.63.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.64.t: "Systematization of Privatizations II"
 spain.64.d: "Managing the transition from traditionally industrial economies to the euphemistic "knowledge economy" has focused on the privatization and liberalization of large public enterprises and so-called strategic sectors such as energy, supplies, transport, infrastructure and telecommunications . The flexibility of the labor market, which is supposed to favor labor mobility in this transition process, has remained in a gross (un) regulation, deepened with the excuse of the current crisis, reducing the cost of labor and increasing labor precariousness."
 spain.64.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.65.t: "Lower Taxes"
 spain.65.d: "An Personal Income tax reform is carried out, in which this tax is reduced, in addition to creating fiscal instruments such as SICAVs, Foundations, and other means of legal tax evasion, which favor the higher incomes to the detriment of the majority of taxpayers. States do not have their own monetary policy, which is determined exclusively by the ECB. Competition between countries in tax matters has become the only tool used to govern industrial policy. The winners, once again, have been the large business groups that have seen national labor markets become more flexible and wages are reduced, as well as tax privileges."
 spain.65.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.66.t: "Reduction in Social Protection"
 spain.66.d: "The reduction in social protection expenditure (education, pensions, public health, citizen security ...) is a constant since the I Legislature of Spain. The common currency has become the definitive lever to institutionalize wage austerity and extend it to areas of socialized wages such as social protection, public services or pensions as the only possible economic policy."
 spain.66.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.67.t: "Treaty of Lisbon"
 spain.67.d: "At the same time the EU expanded, first to the South, then, liquidated the real socialism, to the East. The competitiveness of the countries of the South, always uncertain, was weakening and these countries became more and more buyers of the products of the North. In the East they found markets for their products (including their technology), well-trained and increasingly cheap labor, favorable investment areas, demand for their financial capital."
 spain.67.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.68.t: "European Regional Development Fund"
 spain.68.d: "The European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) is a financial instrument of the European Commission whose purpose is to assist the economic development of the depressed regions of the European Union. To understand the Spanish corporatist neoliberalism, implies addressing the realities enacted and constructed by social actors in practice (businessmen, political parties, trade unions,...), halfway between traditional clientelist dynamics and neoliberal free market logics. This hybrid phenomenon is publicly criticized but largely unknown. In it, communities of complicity distribute public resources without public accountability. In turn, citizens ignore, tolerate or participate –either actively or passively– in the process."
 spain.68.o1: "Clientelist dynamics"
 spain.68.o2: "Development"
 spain.69.t: "Brussels blocks the ERDF"
 spain.69.d: "The European Commission keeps € 1,122 million blocked in European subsidies to Spain after detecting serious deficiencies and irregularities in the control carried out by the agencies that manage the application and justification of these projects. This amount corresponds to ERDF (European Regional Development Fund) funds, with which Europe finances infrastructures and development initiatives in the field of transport, energy, environment or research. There are currently 15 ERDF fund management bodies with amounts retained by the European Commission due to non-compliance. There are ministries (Economy, Industry, Agriculture ...), public business entities such as the ICEX, and regional governments (Madrid, Castile and Leon, Melilla). The Ministry of Finance, which is responsible for evaluating and managing European subsidies, says that this type of irregularities are "usual" and that Spain is the country with the highest funding, more funding and more bodies Has been managing them. A spokeswoman pointed out that for the next ERDF period, "the simplification of the management system" has been contemplated "from 150 intermediary organizations to only 12"."
 spain.69.o1: "Irregularities are "usual"!..."
 spain.70.t: "Brussels negotiates the ERDF"
 spain.70.d: "The most recently adhered countries (with the exception of Portugal and Greece) are the countries which, for the most recent programming period, will receive priority in the reception of the Cohesion Funds and Structural Funds (ERDF and ESF). Eastern Europe."
 spain.70.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.71.t: "Eurozone crisis"
 spain.71.d: "In the 2008 crisis, European creditors raise the need for indebted countries to repay debt (this is reinforced because large European banks are the main creditors), forcing them to seek financial support from the EU. To grant it, the EU will require them to implement harsh austerity programs, the destruction of the welfare state to try and (and achieve) detachment from the existing social Europe, and weakening democracy, thereby reducing the standard of living of classes Popular. What does not stimulate but slows production, and stops growth. That is, the pressure from the central countries to pay off debts causes the destruction of productive facilities and reduces production, and therefore generates the inability to pay of indebted countries."
 spain.71.o1: "Crisis? What Crisis?"
 spain.72.t: "Great Recession in Spain"
 spain.72.d: "The main cause of Spain's crisis was the housing bubble and the accompanying unsustainable high GDP growth rate. The ballooning tax revenues from the booming property investment and construction sectors kept the Spanish government's revenue in surplus, despite strong increases in expenditure, until 2007. The Spanish government supported the critical development by relaxing supervision of the financial sector and thereby allowing the banks to violate International Accounting Standards Board standards. The banks in Spain were able to hide losses and earnings volatility, mislead regulators, analysts, and investors, and thereby finance the Spanish real estate bubble. The results of the crisis were devastating for Spain, including a strong economic downturn, a severe increase in unemployment, and bankruptcies of major companies."
 spain.72.o1: "«En España no hay crisis económica»"
 spain.72.o2: "Neoliberal Rescue"
 spain.73.t: "Neoliberal Rescue"
 spain.73.d: "Those who have power and those who cooperate with them are clear about their model of exit from the crisis, consisting of a permanent deterioration of the working conditions, salaries, social benefits and life forms of the majority of the western countries."
 spain.73.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.74.t: "Rescue of the Mighty"
 spain.74.d: "In this crisis it seems that the owners of capital have understood that for them the way out of it is by limiting the living standards of the populations for the benefit of the capitalist classes and the political, technical, and political elites. Very high officials at your service."
 spain.74.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.75.t: "Balanced Budget"
 spain.75.d: "The Spanish constitutional reform of 2011 amended article 135 of the current Constitution establishing in the text the concept of budgetary stability and that the payment of public debt was the first to pay against any other government expenditure in the general budget, without amendment Or possible modification. The entry into force of part of the article is delayed to 2020. The reform proposal was made on August 23, 2011 by the then President of the Government, the socialist José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero. The reform had the support of the two major parties, Partido Popular and Partido Socialista Obrero Español, as well as by Unión del Pueblo Navarro. Since PSOE and PP jointly had more than 90% of deputies and senators in this legislature, and since it was a reform by ordinary process, a referendum was not necessary."
 spain.75.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.76.t: "Cutting Social Spending"
 spain.76.d: "In May 2010, public social expenditure was cut by some 15,000 million euros. An average reduction of 5% of the salaries of civil servants was applied among the items cut. From 0.75 to 7%, salaries of the high positions were reduced by 10% the salary and the members of the government by 15%. Another measure announced was the elimination of the baby check and the freezing of pensions (except for minimum and non-contributory pensions, which accounted for more than 35% of pensions)."
 spain.76.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.77.t: "Additional Cut of Social Spending"
 spain.77.d: "On Monday, April 9, 2012, the Government announced an additional cut of $ 10 billion to the $ 27 billion provided for in the Budgets presented on March 30. These 10 billion would be divided between education (about 3,000 million) and health (7,000), which budgets had already suffered a cut of 21% and 14% respectively. Between 2007 and 2011 the crisis affected the entire population, but the poorest people lost much more than the richest: the poorest 10% saw their annual incomes fall by 42.4%, while for the richest 10% only one 5.6%. That is why Spain became the second country with greater economic inequality of the whole European Union, only surpassed by the United Kingdom. Between 2010 and 2013, the average annual salary fell by 3.0% to € 18,505 gross. However, the highest wages rose in the same triennium by 2.4%."
 spain.77.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.78.t: "Protest Against Cutbacks"
 spain.78.d: "Thousands of people in Madrid - 800,000 according to the conveners, 40,000 according to the Government Delegation - have taken to the streets this Thursday called by the unions and social organizations to protest against the last adjustments of the Government in one of the most massive demonstrations that have lived the capital. As on other occasions, the march has gone back and forth between cries of general strike, but the songs and the banners of criticism have multiplied to the political class and to the banking."
 spain.78.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.79.t: "Spanish Real Estate Crisis"
 spain.79.d: "The origin of this crisis, framed in the context of a global economic-financial crisis, was strongly influenced by the strong adjustment of the construction industry after the bursting of the housing bubble. It is considered that the housing bubble began during the government of J. M. Aznar, in the years before Zapatero's term. The lowering of the price of housing coupled with unemployment means that many citizens can not take over their mortgages, or even sell their real estate. This situation occurs because in areas where prices have been "inflated" much, the current price of housing is lower than the mortgage debt incurred. Thus, numerous embargoes of local and second homes, as well as evictions of first homes are being carried out during this period of crisis."
 spain.79.o1: "«In Spain there is no economic crisis»"
 spain.80.t: "Bankruptcy and liquidation of Martinsa-Fadesa"
 spain.80.d: "The creditor bank put this Thursday the end and end to the adventure that in 2006 undertook Fernando Martín. Then the Valladolid promoter, who came to appear on the Forbes list of the richest men in the world, was shining with the purchase of Galician Fadesa a real estate giant with assets valued at more than 13,000 million euros located in 13 countries. Martinsa Fadesa carried out in 2008 the largest competition of creditors of Spain, with a debt that then amounted to 7,800 million euros."
 spain.80.o1: "The End of the Bubble"
 spain.81.t: "Protest Against Evictions"
 spain.81.d: "In 2012, according to the Bank of Spain, with filtered data from financial institutions that manage just over 85% of mortgage credit, there were 32,490 home foreclosures, of which 14,110 were loans in payment (43% Total) and another 4,215 voluntary deliveries. When the judicial commission arrived to execute the eviction 2,405 houses were still occupied and in 355 cases of judicial deliveries of occupied habitual houses the intervention of the police was required for the realization of the launch or eviction. The Bank of Spain notes that 85% of the mortgages that could not be paid in 2012 were booked in 2007 or earlier, during the real estate bubble."
 spain.81.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.82.t: "Labour Reform"
 spain.82.d: "Drawn in the midst of recession, the labor reform said its main objective was to change the external flexibility in companies due to internal flexibility. Translation: less destruction of employment when crises arrive and more reductions in wages and salaries. He wanted Spain to recover part of the competitiveness lost during the time of the bubble by reducing wages, unlike other crises, since it was not possible to resort to monetary devaluation. And this goal was achieved: the reduction of salaries, which had been taking place since before, became more pronounced. In 2011, the INE salary structure survey showed an average salary of 25,999.87 euros per year; In 2015, the compensation was almost 800 euros less, after having hit bottom just a year before. The work being created is precarious and unproductive."
 spain.82.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.83.t: "General Strike September 29, 2010"
 spain.83.d: "The General Strike in Spain 2010 was a general strike convened for Wednesday, September 29, 2010, by the two main trade union centers of Spain -Comisiones Obreras and Union General de Trabajadores- against the 2010 labor reform promoted by the government Socialist of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero and approved in the Congress of Deputies on September 9, 2010, coming into force on September 19, 2010, and against the reform of the public pension system announced by the Government of Spain."
 spain.83.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.84.t: "General Strike November 14, 2012"
 spain.84.d: "The European General Strike or General Iberian Strike of 2012 (better known by the abbreviations 14-N) was a general strike convened for Wednesday 14 of November of 2012 initially by several Spanish trade union organizations to which were added several unions and European groups. For the first time in the history of the European Union, a day of unemployment was called simultaneously in different states with a common demand. Cyprus, Malta, Portugal, Italy and Spain lived a day of general strike that was supported by mobilizations in France, Greece and sectorial in French-speaking Belgium."
 spain.84.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.85.t: "Crisis of the Banking System"
 spain.85.d: "Sunday March 29, 2009. Panic takes over the Government of Spain and the financial sector. The Bank of Spain has to intervene Caja Castilla-La Mancha (CCM) before the refusal of Unicaja to absorb it. The Council of Ministers meets urgently, because the bankrupt laws of banking resolution of the moment so require. There is much fear of a massive withdrawal of deposits the next day, that CCM becomes the Northern Rock Spanish. It is the starting point of the biggest financial crisis in the history of Spain."
 spain.85.o1: "«In Spain there is no economic crisis»"
 spain.86.t: "Spanish Banking Rescue"
 spain.86.d: "How much will the bailout cost the Spanish banks? The Court of Auditors yesterday put on the table a figure: 60.718 million euros. But it is a bill made on a fixed photo from the end of 2015. Since then it has been more than a year, and as the public body itself reflects in its report there are still four pending fronts that could raise the cost of the rescue over the 80 billion."
 spain.86.o1: "Fund for Orderly Bank Restructuring (FOBR)"
 spain.87.t: "The Bank of Spain gives $ 60,613 million of the ransom"
 spain.87.d: "At least 60,613 million euros. This is the latest calculation made by the Bank of Spain on the part of the financial rescue that it will not be able to recover. The figure is not far from that offered by the Court of Auditors, which in a recent audit report estimated that 60,718 million euros would be lost, barely a hundred million difference. This means that almost 80% of the money invested in basically cleaning up the Savings Banks, which received public aid valued at more than 76.410 million euros, will be lost."
 spain.87.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.88.t: "Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)"
 spain.88.d: "The reasons for this worsening of the distributive panorama are several and are due to factors that go beyond the change of economic cycle. In the first place, a basic economic problem linked to an uncompetitive productive structure persists. In the last decades, job creation has been closely linked to very cyclical sectors and the evidence shows that we need relatively high rates of GDP growth to create new jobs. Second, we have a serious structural problem of inequality and vulnerability. Already before the crisis there was a very large percentage of the population with incomes only slightly above the poverty line and very dependent on the dragging effect of the expansion of certain economic activities. Thirdly, we have not been able to consolidate a sufficiently robust protection network, facing the crisis with a very fragmented income guarantee system, with significant gaps in coverage and with large territorial inequalities in the response offered to situations of Insufficient income."
 spain.88.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.88.t: "Protests against CETA"
 spain.88.d: "The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) is a proposal for a free trade agreement between the European Union and Canada. As with TTIP, this agreement has been widely criticized for the secrecy in which negotiations have been conducted and for possible labor, legal, health or environmental consequences. Important sectors of the population of the countries of the European Union oppose the signing of this free trade agreement with protests in the streets and ask for a popular consultation."
 spain.88.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.89.t: "Protests against CETA"
 spain.89.d: "The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) is a proposal for a free trade agreement between the European Union and Canada. As with TTIP, this agreement has been widely criticized for the secrecy in which negotiations have been conducted and for possible labor, legal, health or environmental consequences. Important sectors of the population of the countries of the European Union oppose the signing of this free trade agreement with protests in the streets and ask for a popular consultation."
 spain.89.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.90.t: "Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)"
 spain.90.d: "The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, or CETA, is a trade agreement between the EU and Canada. By boosting trade between us, CETA will create jobs and growth – and new opportunities for your business. Canada is a large market for Europe's exports and a country rich in natural resources that Europe needs. CETA is also progressive. It goes beyond just removing customs duties, by taking people and the environment fully into account. By doing so, it'll set a new global standard for future trade agreements."
 spain.90.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.91.t: "Protests against TTIP"
 spain.91.d: "The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is a proposal for a free trade agreement between the European Union and the United States. As with CETA, this agreement has been widely criticized for the secrecy in which negotiations have taken place and for possible labor, legal, health or environmental consequences. Important sectors of the population of the countries of the European Union oppose the signing of this free trade agreement with protests in the streets and ask for a popular consultation."
 spain.91.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.92.t: "Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP)"
 spain.92.d: "USA investments in the EU are three times larger than USA investments. Across Asia and EU investments in the USA. Are eight times larger than the sum of EU investments in India and China. Transfers within a single corporation account for one third of all transatlantic trade. USA And the EU are the largest trading partners of most other countries in the world and account for one-third of world trade flows. Since tariff barriers are already low (about 3%), to make the pact a success the aim is to eliminate non-tariff barriers."
 spain.92.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.93.t: "[From.GetAdjective] call for Military Cooperation"
 spain.93.d: "Recently, [From.GetName] has called for Military Cooperation between the European Union countries, and they've started by sharing with every European Union member the blueprints for some of their finest Infantry Equipment, as well as offering to send officers to train armies."
 spain.93.o1: "This likely is good."
 spain.94.t: "INDECT Project"
 spain.94.d: "The INDECT Project ("Intelligent information system supporting observation, searching and detection for security of citizens in urban environment") develops an intelligent urban environment observation system to register and exchange operational data for the automatic detection, recognition and intelligent processing of all information of abnormal behaviour or violence."
 spain.94.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.95.t: "INDECT Project"
 spain.95.d: "The INDECT Project ("Intelligent information system supporting observation, searching and detection for security of citizens in urban environment") develops an intelligent urban environment observation system to register and exchange operational data for the automatic detection, recognition and intelligent processing of all information of abnormal behaviour or violence."
 spain.95.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.96.t: "Bipartisan Wear"
 spain.96.d: "The two major Spanish parties, PP and PSOE, the only ones that have alternated with the executive - and the governments of most of the autonomous communities and municipalities - in the last three decades, added to the general elections of 2008 83.8% of the valid votes. It was the peak of what is probably one of the most bipartisan systems in Europe, if not the largest. But a similar percentage had been maintained since 1982: the PP-PSOE sum never dropped from 65% and was almost always around 75%. In 2011 it still exceeded 73%. This has taken the crisis ahead, according to surveys published by the CIS and by various means in recent months. The two major parties - especially the PP - fall without pause in the estimations of vote: they only add between 45% and 60%; their directions know this and assume it as the "logical" cost of government measures, those of the previous and current. Sources from both parties interpret that the problem is circumstantial, that lasts for the duration of the crisis and that, although they will surely never regain 80% of the votes, the system will remain what it is: only two parties with government options. Faced with this crossroads, the party in the Government asks "time" to implement its policies; and on the other side, State pacts."
 spain.96.o1: "Let's see what happens."
 spain.97.t: "Hold Elections now!"
 spain.97.d: ""Yes we can", "We have to win, we have to change the country that the caste has ruined.
 spain.97.o1: "Podemos - «Yes we can»"
 spain.97.o2: "Vox - «Make Great Spain Again»"
 spain.97.o3: "MSR - «Another Spain is Possible!»"
 spain.98.t: "Rise of Opposition!"
 spain.98.d: "With the recent changes to parties that happened in our country, the opposition has risen. New faces can be seen amongst the leaders of the parties that will be opposing the leading party on our country."
 spain.98.o1: "Different faces, but they are all corrupt as always."
 spain.99.t: "Spexit!"
 spain.99.d: "Our country is better without European involvement! We must hold a referendum and show everyone that the people of Spain want to quit this failed and obsolete union. It's finally time to make Spain great again!"
 spain.99.o1: "Let's hold the referendum today!"
 spain.100.t: "Spexit Result: Leave!"
 spain.100.d: "Our people wisely voted for Spain to quit the European Union! We should start negotiations and trigger the Article 50 as soon as possible"
 spain.100.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.101.t: "Spexit Result: Remain!"
 spain.101.d: "The Spanish people have decided to vote against the exit from the European Union, they must be brainwashed by European propaganda! Now we need to decide whetever to trigger or not the Article 50, even if the situation in our country could get a little hot..."
 spain.101.o1: "We will make our decision"
 spain.102.t: "Hispanic-Russian Friendship"
 spain.102.d: "It is time for change. The international order is undergoing a profound transformation. We live in a globalized and increasingly digitized world. The traditional alliances of previous decades weaken and stagger, the great powers reappear at the same time that the national states are subjected to the pressures of non-state groups but of a great destructive capacity."
 spain.102.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.103.t: "Relations between Spain and the Middle East"
 spain.103.d: "Spain, by itself. Faced with this fluid and changeable universe, Spanish interests of all kinds will only be duly attended to by what Spain does in its defense."
 spain.103.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.104.t: "Relations between Spain and the CSTO"
 spain.104.d: "In international politics nothing comes free. Spain must have a vision and the means to assert its interests for its own sake, without renouncing its sovereignty or depending on others."
 spain.104.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.105.t: "[From.GetName] wants to join [Root.GetFactionName]"
 spain.105.d: "[From.GetName] is asking to join our faction. Should we accept?"
 spain.105.o1: "Yes."
 spain.105.o2: "No."
 spain.106.t: "Ibero-American Summit"
 spain.106.d: "The Ibero-American Summits of Heads of State and Government are the annual meetings of the Heads of State and Government of the twenty-two countries that are in the Organization of Ibero-American States (OEI). The full members and observers participating in it are Andorra, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Chile, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Portugal, Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela."
 spain.106.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.107.t: "Ibero-American Trade and Investment Partnership"
 spain.107.d: "The Ibero-American Association for Trade and Investment (AICI) is a trade proposal between Spain and Ibero-American. The agreement would be beneficial for the economic growth of the nations that would integrate it, would greatly increase the economic freedom and would foment the creation of employment. We must decide whether we envisage a Peoples' Trade Treaty, instruments of solidarity and complementary exchange between countries destined to benefit the peoples, or in opposition to a traditional Free Trade Agreement, which consist of bilateral trade agreements to expand the market of goods And services among participating countries."
 spain.107.o1: "Free Trade Agreement"
 spain.107.o2: "Peoples' Trade Agreement"
 spain.108.t: "Iberoamerican General Secretariat (SEGIB)"
 spain.108.d: "The Iberoamerican General Secretariat (SEGIB) coordinates the Ibero-American Summits of the Ibero-American Community of Nations. It has a central role since it assumes the coordination and management of the Summits, besides being a key piece for the structure of an institutional structure in Latin America."
 spain.108.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.109.t: "Ibero-American Popular Alliance"
 spain.109.d: "It is a project of collaboration and political, social and economic complementation between certain countries of Iberoamerica and Spain, promoted initially by Spain as a counterpart to the FTAA (Free Trade Area of the Americas), promoted by the United States. The Ibero-American Popular Alliance is based on the creation of mechanisms that take advantage of the cooperative advantages between the different partner nations to compensate for the asymmetries between those countries. This is done through the cooperation of compensatory funds, aimed at correcting the intrinsic disabilities of member countries, and the implementation of the AICI (Ibero-American Association for Trade and Investment)."
 spain.109.o1: "Join"
 spain.109.o2: "Rejected"
 spain.110.t: "¡Bienvenido, Mister Marshall!"
 spain.110.d: "The so-called Madrid Covenants of 1953 were three "agreements" (agreements) signed in Madrid on September 23, 1953 between the United States and Spain, which then lived under the dictatorship of General Franco. According to them, four American military bases would be installed in Spanish territory in exchange for economic and military aid. For the Franco regime, together with the Concordat with the Catholic Church signed a month earlier, they assumed the definitive integration in the western bloc after the isolation they had suffered since the end of World War II because of their links with the Axis powers."
 spain.110.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.111.t: "The American Friend"
 spain.111.d: "Spain, by itself. Faced with this fluid and changeable universe, Spanish interests of all kinds will only be duly attended to by what Spain does in its defense."
 spain.111.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.112.t: "NATO Sphere of Influence I"
 spain.112.d: "In international politics nothing comes free. Spain must have a vision and the means to assert its interests for its own sake, without renouncing its sovereignty or depending on others."
 spain.112.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.113.t: "NATO Sphere of Influence II"
 spain.113.d: "In international politics nothing comes free. Spain must have a vision and the means to assert its interests for its own sake, without renouncing its sovereignty or depending on others."
 spain.113.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.114.t: "Reinforcing the Treaties with NATO"
 spain.114.d: "An external action with values. Spain has been a great nation with universal projection and ambition. It has always had a universal vocation. Its external action can not be divorced from the principles and values that give us meaning as a nation, defense of freedom and democracy, defense of the free market, promotion of Spanish culture, defense of equality of all before the law."
 spain.114.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.115.t: "Political Reforms"
 spain.115.d: "Our country is undergoing heavy reforms of the current Political System."
 spain.115.o1: "Ok"
 spain.116.t: "Spain is supporting the Reactionaries in our country!"
 spain.116.d: "It appears that the new Spanish Government has decided to subsidize populism Parties in countries neighboring Spain, in an effort to 'spread' the revolution."
 spain.116.o1: "They be damned!"
 spain.117.t: "Referendum Monarquía"
 spain.117.d: "Parallel to the deterioration of the image of the monarch and the institution it represents, the choice of a republic as a form of government was gaining strength according to the surveys. It is time to give the country a chance. Constituent process by other politics and by the republic. Referendum now!"
 spain.117.o1: "¡Tengamos el Referendum ahora!"
 spain.118.t: "Republic"
 spain.118.d: "In the Great Plebiscite yesterday Spain voted for the Republic. The Monarchy failed all its social and institutional support."
 spain.118.o1: "«¡Que no se ha marchado, Que lo hemos echao!»"
 spain.119.t: "Constitutional Monarchy"
 spain.119.d: "The Spanish people have decided to vote in the maintenance of the Constitutional Monarchy, They must have brainwashed by monarchical propaganda! Now we have to decide whether to reform the Constitution, the situation in our country could be heated ..."
 spain.119.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.120.t: "Spanish Republic"
 spain.120.d: "The Government has announced that the constitutional reform for the formation of the Spanish State as a republic will be presented in Constituent Cortes for approval. This end will occupy Spain months until the unification in a republican state."
 spain.120.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.121.t: "The National Question in Spain"
 spain.121.d: "Our plurinational conception of Spain is sustained under the inalienable right of self-determination of nations and peoples."
 spain.121.o1: "Let the people decide"
 spain.122.t: "Independence!"
 spain.122.d: "After the referendum on the national question in Spain, various nationalities have expressed their desire for independence, and in some territories, as in Vancongadas and Catalunya, a unilateral declaration of independence as sovereign states."
 spain.122.o1: "They be damned!""
 spain.123.t: "Plurinational State"
 spain.123.d: "After the referendum on the national question in Spain, various nationalities have expressed their desire for integration and unity as a plurinational state."
 spain.123.o1: "Wonderful!"
 spain.124.t: "República Plurinacional Española"
 spain.124.d: "The Government has announced that the constitutional reform for the formation of the Spanish State as a republic will include the results of the recent Referendum on the National Question in Spain, which will be presented in Constituent Cortes for approval. This end will occupy Spain months until the unification in a republican plurinational state."
 spain.124.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.125.t: "Proclamation of the Third Spanish Republic"
 spain.125.d: "At six-thirty in the afternoon, on one of the balconies of the Congress of Deputies, a Republican flag appears. The public parked in the square, which filled it completely, burst into great cheers and applause. In the Puerta del Sol, Alcalá Street and other centric places began to appear groups, with the purple, red and yellow flag of the Republic and also red flags, that gave great vivid to the Republic and others of "They have already thrown to him ! They have already thrown him! ""
 spain.125.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.126.t: "Electrical Nationalization"
 spain.126.d: "The leader of Podemos, Pablo Iglesias, bets to "nationalize" the Spanish electrical companies since the Spanish system is "in the hands of large private companies that act like an oligopoly that prevents the real competition". "The nationalization of electricity is not the only or the first solution to the serious problems of the Spanish electricity sector and may not be the best in the short term, but it is a possibility that allows the Constitution and is also an excellent opportunity to debate What to do, "he adds."
 spain.126.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.127.t: "Carbon Tax"
 spain.127.d: "The carbon pricing scheme will require entities which emit over 25,000 tonnes per year of carbon dioxide equivalent greenhouse gases and which are not in the transport or agriculture sectors to obtain emissions permits, called carbon units. Carbon units will either be purchased from the government or issued free as part of industry assistance measures."
 spain.127.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.128.t: "Closure of Nuclear Power Plants"
 spain.128.d: "The government has approved a law for the progressive closure of all nuclear power plants in the country as their current operating authorizations expire, without waiting until they reach 40 years of useful life. With this proposal, the first shutdown of a plant would occur by 2020 and the nuclear shutdown would be completed by 2024. The planned closure schedule for all plants would be as follows: Almaraz I (2020), Almaraz II (2020), Vandellós II (2020), Ascó I (2021), Cofrentes (2021) Ascó II (2021) and Trillo (2024)."
 spain.128.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.129.t: "Renewable Energy Plan"
 spain.129.d: "The change in the proposed energy model would imply an annual public-private investment of 1.5% of GDP over the next 20 years. "This program can be self-financed by the savings generated by efficiency and by a lower dependence on the country's energy", which alone accounts for 5.5% of national wealth. Although these measures would be costly (about € 18.5 billion), the State would have to invest 0.5% of GDP and the remaining part would be in the hands of companies, which would have to facilitate credit through public banks and the Bank of Spain."
 spain.129.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.130.t: "Public Banking"
 spain.130.d: "Bankia together with the nationalized entities, previously financially rescued, have been constituted as a public bank of state character, whose management is participated by the State, the communities and the municipalities, under a democratic and transparent management rules, that is a public service Linked to the economic and social policies of public administrations."
 spain.130.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.131.t: "Spansih Trade Investments"
 spain.131.d: "A Spanish Trade Delegation has arrived in our capital. This will only increase our economic ties to Spain."
 spain.131.o1: "That can't be bad, right?"
 spain.132.t: "Reform of the Aliens Act"
 spain.132.d: "They have articulated legal and safe ways of entry into Spain, the flexibilization of family reunification processes. In the same way there is a new visa policy with different typology, such as job search, which allows temporary stay in Spain and return to the country of origin if it has not been possible to find a job, without a new entry ban . The renewal of residence permits will not be linked exclusively to the possession of a current contract or an offer of employment, and will also relax the processes of establishment."
 spain.132.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.133.t: "Guarantee of the Right of Asylum"
 spain.133.d: "We will promote the adoption of a common and effective common asylum system at European level which will put an end to the lack of homogeneity in the international protection of refugees in the various member countries and the creation of a European Rescue Agency. We will articulate safe and legal channels of entry by recovering the possibility of applying for diplomatic asylum in Spanish embassies and consulates of third countries and with the granting of humanitarian visas, the elimination of transit visas for those fleeing from countries in conflict and the streamlining of processes Of family reunification. In addition, we will create decent resettlement programs that will ensure a durable solution and a commitment of Spain in terms of population and resources."
 spain.133.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.134.t: "Spanish National Health System"
 spain.134.d: "Recognition that the right to health protection is a fundamental human right and the conviction that the pursuit of the highest possible level of health is an inalienable objective throughout the world."
 spain.134.o1: "Health For All"
 spain.135.t: "Support to Trade Union Organizations"
 spain.135.d: "Supporting unions is supporting equality and freedom in the workplace."
 spain.135.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.136.t: "National Broadband Network"
 spain.136.d: "The National Broadband Network will be the largest infrastructure project in Spain's history, develoingp a modern optical fibre telecommunications network to provide broadband access to 93% of the Spanish population at 100 Mbit/s, with those areas and people outside the network footprint to be provided broadband access through fixed wireless and geosynchronous telecommunications satellite."
 spain.136.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.137.t: "Spain is supporting the Populism in our country!"
 spain.137.d: "It appears that the new Spanish Government has decided to subsidize populism Parties in countries neighboring Spain, in an effort to 'spread' the revolution."
 spain.137.o1: "They be damned!"
 spain.138.t: "Central Unit State"
 spain.138.d: "A single Government and a single Parliament for a single sovereign people and that recognizes and integrates the linguistic-cultural, legal-foral and island-specific differential facts characteristic of our country. The Spanish unitary state is decentralized in favor of local autonomous entities, municipalities, a municipal autonomy deeply rooted in Spanish society from which our territorial structure is constituted properly constitutional."
 spain.138.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.139.t: "RTVE Public Entity"
 spain.139.d: "In the exercise of its public service function, the Public Entity RTVE had to serve as an essential vehicle for information and political participation of citizens, for the formation of public opinion, for cooperation with the educational system, for dissemination of Spanish culture and for Their nationalities and regions, as well as a capital means to contribute to making freedom and equality real and effective, with special attention to the protection of the marginalized and the non-discrimination of women."
 spain.139.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.140.t: "Valores Tradicionales"
 spain.140.d: "The first of the values that we must preserve is the mere right to exist as individuals. Secondly, if our life in common is based on the existence of social cells of coexistence, the first of these cells, the basis for all others, is the family. And lastly, we will defend today the importance of creating birth policies that guarantee the generational change in the society model that we defend."
 spain.140.o1: "Fatherland, Faith and Family!"
 spain.141.t: "National Interests"
 spain.141.d: "The consequent development of a Defense policy that, with the support, understanding and sense of co-responsibility of all the Spaniards, achieved with an adequate formation and culture of defense, is imperative to provide the necessary security to face the inevitable risks derived from the threats That are established over our nation. It is shown as necessary the nationalization of armaments industries previously privatized."
 spain.141.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.142.t: "Responsible Immigration Policy"
 spain.142.d: "Control of immigration according to labor needs and ability to integrate it on the part of the recipient, avoiding the lack of integration or the impossibility of offering decent work as a way of life."
 spain.142.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.143.t: "Reform Intelligence Service"
 spain.143.d: "Critical and indispensable intelligence services will be unified, under a single agency and command, in the National Intelligence Center (C.N.I), promoting avoiding the pernicious duplication of efforts and promoting the maximum coordination of international organizations."
 spain.143.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.144.t: "Defense of our sovereignty"
 spain.144.d: "We are aware that Spain is a priority target for Islamists. Failure in the integration process, social exclusion, lack of control over the immovable imams in radicalism, poor insertion in the labor market, or lack of association with Spanish identity can become a conduit for farming. That some individuals embrace the Jihadist creed."
 spain.144.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.145.t: "Spanish Economic Miracle"
 spain.145.d: "The recent boom in the industry has given our national economy a surprising and in most cases unexpected momentum, from construction to finance and many other sectors. There has been an expansion of industries in the former industrial areas, in the Basque Country and the north coast of Ferrol or Vigo (metallurgy, shipbuilding), around Barcelona (automobiles, machinery, textile, petrochemical) and Consolidation of Madrid as an important industrial and commercial area. Spain has the third highest growth rate in the world and has become one of the largest economy in the world. We are now called to exercise our deserved place among the powers and to influence politically those nations that are within our sphere of influence."
 spain.145.o1: "Hispanic America"
 spain.145.o2: "Europa"
 spain.146.t: "Make Great Spain Again"
 spain.146.d: "We will work so that the Spaniards, regardless of the region in which we live, have the same rights and obligations and recover our pride and our national self-esteem. Because we are a great nation, because our country deserves a defense and because we are convinced that, among all, we will be able to "make Spain great again"."
 spain.146.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.147.t: "Unify Internal Market"
 spain.147.d: "Deregulation and unification of markets are basic requirements that lay the foundations of an agile economy, with the capacity to cope better with economic crises and to foster economic growth."
 spain.147.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.148.t: "General Pact of Education"
 spain.148.d: "Education must be recovered as a common project of all Spaniards. Alternative pedagogies that stimulate the senses and the desire to overcome should be applied, abandoning methods that have proved ineffective."
 spain.148.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.149.t: "Comprehensive Health Conception"
 spain.149.d: "Foundation by the Council of Ministers on the proposal of the Ministry of Health of the GENERAL CIVIL HEALTH MUTUALITY (MUCIGESA) as a tool to manage the freedom of choice of patients-co-owners of the Spanish National Health System. Return of powers transferred from the extinct INSALUD. A Basic Portfolio of Health Services will be approved."
 spain.149.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.150.t: "Red Agenda"
 spain.150.d: "Revolutionary rulers with their rhetoric against the oligarchy and corrupt monarchy are spreading among many Spaniards, and it is possible that their popularity could continue to increase until it reaches the highest levels of power. But until then, everything is just speculation."
 spain.150.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.151.t: "Storm the Skies"
 spain.151.d: "At six-thirty in the afternoon, on one of the balconies of the Congress of Deputies, a Republican flag appears. The public parked in the square, which filled it completely, burst into great cheers and applause. In the Puerta del Sol, Alcalá Street and other centric places began to appear groups, with the purple, red and yellow flag of the Republic and also red flags, that gave great vivid to the Republic and others of «They have already thrown to him ! They have already thrown him!.»"
 spain.151.o1: "«¡Que no se ha marchado, Que lo hemos echao!»"
 spain.152.t: "Spanish Republic"
 spain.152.d: "The Government has announced that the constitutional reform for the formation of the Spanish State as a republic will be presented in Constituent Cortes for approval. This end will occupy Spain months until the unification in a republican state."
 spain.152.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.153.t: "Redistribution of Wealth"
 spain.153.d: "Marxist economists argue that social democrat reforms - including policies to redistribute incomes - such as the unemployment subsidy and high taxes on profits and the rich, create more contradictions in capitalism by further limiting the effectiveness of the capitalist system by reducing incentives So that the capitalists invest in increasing production. In the Marxist view, redistribution can not solve the fundamental issues of capitalism - only the transition to a socialist economy can."
 spain.153.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.154.t: "Protect the Working Class"
 spain.154.d: "The current provisional government in the hands of the United We are implementing a series of measures that benefit the working masses, these measures are shown as social-democrats, at the moment it seems that they do not satisfy much of the Spanish population as they do not advance towards a system Of socialist economics but is shown as an attempt to safeguard the capitalist system with a slight improvement of social conditions. On the part of the possessing classes, it seems that these measures radicalize their position, advancing openly towards an armed counterrevolution."
 spain.154.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.155.t: "Protect the Popular Democracy"
 spain.155.d: "The present Revolution is being attacked from the internal front as from the international front, the counter-revolutionary action must be pursued and exterminated wherever it is, this struggle will allow us to build the new revolutionary order that guarantees the survival of the present Revolution."
 spain.155.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.156.t: "Popular Front"
 spain.156.d: "Popular Unity is a popular front made up of political parties and mass organizations of the Spanish Republic that, despite being dominated politically by the Communists, present a unique list to the elections of the People's Council with candidates of all its members."
 spain.156.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.157.t: "Abolish the Monarchy"
 spain.157.d: "Thousands of people gathered yesterday in dozens of Spanish cities to demand the abolition of the Monarchy and the establishment of the Third Republic. The protests, convened in just a few hours, mainly through social networks, mobilized a large part of the left, who demanded institutional change after the abdication of the King. Madrid probably hosted the largest concentration: about 100,000 people gathered in the Puerta del Sol and adjacent streets, according to police sources."
 spain.157.o1: "«¡Que no se ha marchado, Que lo hemos echao!»"
 spain.158.t: "Assault Guard"
 spain.158.d: "The Corps of Security and Assault is organized militarily and distributed in squads (of twenty five guards), that grouped in companies, are deployed by the main Spanish cities. Its main function is the maintenance of public order and acts normally in case of disturbances. Unlike the other police forces, it does not have as its main function the prosecution of delinquency. With its creation, the maintenance of the public order, is exclusively to its charge in the zones in which it is deployed. The Civil Guard still existing in the Republican Zone is renamed the Republican National Guard."
 spain.158.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.159.t: "Education Reform"
 spain.159.d: "The majority view advocates a radical anticlericalism that not only advocated the secularization of the State, but also of society, justifying it for the damage that has caused clericalism in the history of Spain, becoming the main obstacle to its progress and modernization. We must deprive the Church of the means by which it exercises its social and cultural hegemony, and above all the most important: education. Thus the program includes suppression of the budget of worship and clergy, civil marriage and divorce, secularization of cemeteries and the most forceful measure: the dissolution of religious orders, especially the Jesuits, and the nationalization of their property , Replacing the religious schools run by a "single" secular school. «More than a free Church in a free State would seek the subjection of the first to the second for the sake of the public good.»"
 spain.159.o1: "¡Viva la República!"
 spain.160.t: "República Democrática Española"
 spain.160.d: "The reforms initiated by the Unidos Podemos government have proved to be ineffective to the current social and economic situation, in addition the majority of its members stand out as a group of opportunists formed by arribistas and union officials, along with the continuous attacks of both the National and international level has radicalized the political situation in Spain, popular support has shifted towards the political option of Popular Unity now led by Pablo Iglesias which has staged an armed insurrection overthrowing the current provisional government."
 spain.160.o1: "¡Viva la República Democrática Española!"
 spain.161.t: "Constitution of the Spanish Democratic Republic"
 spain.161.d: "According to Marxist-Leninist theory, the objective of the successive constitutions of the Socialist Republic of Spain is, after capitalism, to lay the foundations for the development of socialism so that the final phase of development can finally be reached Human, communism. Its nature is mainly descriptive, as it shapes established relations on paper and changes as the socioeconomic scenario changes."
 spain.161.o1: "¡Viva la República Democrática Española!"
 spain.162.t: "Federation of Spanish Women"
 spain.162.d: "It is a women's organization in the Spanish Democratic Republic (RDE). It forms part of the Popular Union of the Spanish Democratic Republic, counting on parliamentary representation in the People's Council. The objectives of the organization were as follows: Elimination of fascist ideas, Education for women, Equal rights, Fair living conditions, Children's education in the spirit of humanism and peace and Cooperation with the international women's movement."
 spain.162.o1: "Long live the anti-fascist struggle!"
 spain.163.t: "Union of Working Youth"
 spain.163.d: "It has been organized as an antifascist youth movement by the Communist Party of Spain through the union of several youth movements. It is the official youth organization in the Spanish Democratic Republic (RDE) and a member of the Popular Unity."
 spain.163.o1: "Long live the anti-fascist struggle!"
 spain.164.t: "General Confederation of the Workers"
 spain.164.d: "It is the only trade union center of the Spanish Democratic Republic (RDE). Originally, it consisted of 15 trade unions at the production level. With the foundation of the Spanish Democratic Republic (RDE) it has become the majority union in the country and in the only one allowed. Almost all the workers of the RDE are affiliated to this union federation."
 spain.164.o1: "Long live the anti-fascist struggle!"
 spain.165.t: "Union of Agricultural Cooperatives"
 spain.165.d: "The Union of Cooperative Farmers is a mass organization of the rural population in the Spanish Democratic Republic, which is hegeminized as all mass organizations by the Communists. The Union is organized in 8000 local groups with 640,000 members."
 spain.165.o1: "Long live the anti-fascist struggle!"
 spain.166.t: "People's Solidarity"
 spain.166.d: "It is a mass organization in the RDE and has an important role in the care of the elderly, the work area also includes care of the environment, chronic long-term care as well as socially disadvantaged children and adolescents. It is one of the great social and welfare associations in Spain. According to the federal norms, it is committed "to the humanist and democratic values and defenders of social justice"."
 spain.166.o1: "Long live the anti-fascist struggle!"
 spain.167.t: "Alliance Anti-Imperialist"
 spain.167.d: "At the last Conference a resolution was adopted on the need for an anti-imperialist alliance of the colonial and national liberation movements along with Socialist Spain and the working class movements to fight against capitalism."
 spain.167.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.168.t: "World Federation of Democratic Youth"
 spain.168.d: "We pledge that we shall remember this unity, forged in this month, November 1945. Not only today, not only this week, this year, but always Until we have built the world we have dreamed of and fought for We pledge ourselves to build the unity of youth of the world All races, all colors, all nationalities, all beliefs To eliminate all traces of fascism from the earth To build a deep and sincere international friendship among the peoples of the world To keep a just lasting peace To eliminate want, frustration and enforced idleness. We have come to confirm the unity of all youth salute our comrades who have died-and pledge our word that skilful hands, keen brains and young enthusiasm shall never more be wasted in war."
 spain.168.o1: "For Anti-Imperialist Solidarity, Peace and Friendship"
 spain.169.t: "World Federation of Trade Unions"
 spain.169.d: "The World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU) is an international federation of trade unions founded on October 3, 1945 in Paris. It is the second oldest international trade union organization in the world and founder of the International Labor Organization (ILO). It follows the line of the trade union movement of class and fights against the capitalism and the imperialism, for a society without exploitation of the man by the man. It is communist and Marxist-Leninist."
 spain.169.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.170.t: "Women's International Democratic Federation"
 spain.170.d: "The main areas of concern initially identified by WIDF were anti-fascism, world peace, child welfare and improving the status of women."
 spain.170.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.171.t: "World Federation of Scientific Workers"
 spain.171.d: "The WFSW was founded at a conference in London July 20–21, 1946 held at the initiative of the British Association of Scientific Workers. The original conference was attended by 18 organizations, representing 14 countries. The existence of the WFSW constitutes above all a call to the entire scientific community to contribute to placing science and technology at the service of the well-being of mankind. This is why the WFSW is a group of either professional or trade unionist organizations and of individual scientific personalities. The WFSW became more a group of organizations of this type than one of individual scientific personalities. By acting together with its affiliated organizations to obtain a Recommendation by UNESCO in 1974 on the condition of scientific researchers, the WFSW helped enable scientists to conduct emancipated professional activity."
 spain.171.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.172.t: "International Union of Students"
 spain.172.d: "The purpose of the International Union of Students, which is founded upon the representative student organizations of different countries, shall be to defend the rights and interests of students to promote improvement in their welfare and standard of education and to prepare them for their tasks as democratic citizens."
 spain.172.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.173.t: "Socialist Awakens"
 spain.173.d: "It has articulated the necessary mechanisms to carry out the work of agitation and propaganda in order to propagate the defense and the achievements of the present Revolution in the Spanish Democratic Republic at the international level."
 spain.173.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.174.t: "Europe Awakens"
 spain.174.d: "It has articulated the necessary mechanisms to carry out the work of agitation and propaganda in order to propagate the defense and the achievements of the present Revolution in the Spanish Democratic Republic in the European nations."
 spain.174.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.175.t: "Hispanic America Awakens"
 spain.175.d: "Mechanisms have been articulated to carry out the work of agitation and propaganda in order to propagate the defense and achievements of the present Revolution in the Spanish Democratic Republic in the Ibero-American nations."
 spain.175.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.176.t: "Socialist Reality Debate"
 spain.176.d: "An invitation has been made to various socialist parties and groups, inviting them to Barcelona to hold an International Socialist Conference with the aim of adapting the tactics for the defense and development of the present socialist movement."
 spain.176.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.177.t: "Ally With Socialism"
 spain.177.d: "This morning the different representatives of the sister nations have signed in Madrid an agreement of Cooperation and Mutual Defense that guarantees the development and well-being of our sister nations."
 spain.177.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.178.t: "Ally With Communism"
 spain.178.d: "This morning the different representatives of the sister nations have signed in Madrid an agreement of Cooperation and Mutual Defense that guarantees the development and well-being of our sister nations."
 spain.178.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.179.t: "Socialist Republic of Spain"
 spain.179.d: "The reforms initiated by the provisional government of Unidos Podemos have proved to be ineffective to the current situation as much social as economic, in addition the majority of its members stand out like a set of opportunists formed by arribistas and union officials, along with the continuous attacks so much From national to international level has radicalized the political situation in Spain, popular support has shifted towards the political option of the Communist Party which has staged an armed insurrection overthrowing the current provisional government, which have fled the country, adding to the Royal Family now in exile, or have been arrested by Red Guards."
 spain.179.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.180.t: "Dictatorship of the Proletariat"
 spain.180.d: "In Marxist sociopolitical thought, the dictatorship of the proletariat refers to a state in which the proletariat, or the working class, has control of political power."
 spain.180.o1: "Long live the Dictatorship of the Proletariat!"
 spain.181.t: "One Party State"
 spain.181.d: "The party of the proletariat, armed with revolutionary theory, must guide the working class and its allies in the struggle for the conquest of political power. This power is the instrument that allows the working class to destroy the system of capitalist exploitation and begin to build the new society."
 spain.181.o1: "Long live the Communist Party of Spain!"
 spain.182.t: "Alliance of the Working Class and the Peasantry"
 spain.182.d: "The Communist Party has the task of guiding the peasantry, to make it understand that the problems and needs it suffers, are the product of this capitalist system, that the only way out of it, is to fight against the one who snatches the land, Violent and exploits his family, the one who is capable of taking his life. And that these same problems are suffered by their comrade of struggle, the worker and that both have common interests, that only together, formed and organized politically and ideologically under Marxist Leninist theory in a political vanguard, must give the struggle for power."
 spain.182.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.183.t: "All power to the Soviets!"
 spain.183.d: "The hierarchical structure of the State, which runs from the bottom up and from the top down - one of the principles of the Leninist democratic centralism - is formed by successive councils, until reaching the highest authority, the Supreme Council."
 spain.183.o1: "Long live the Dictatorship of the Proletariat!"
 spain.184.t: "Council of People's Commissars"
 spain.184.d: "After the Revolution, the political power is in the hands of the councils or assemblies of the workers, peasants and soldiers. The Second Congress of Councils created and elected the first Council of People's Commissars to administer Spain on behalf of the people. The President of the Council of People's Commissars, also elected by the Congress of Councils, having a role similar to that of a prime minister."
 spain.184.o1: "Long live the Dictatorship of the Proletariat!"
 spain.185.t: "Socialist State"
 spain.185.d: "Is a state under the control of a vanguard party that is organizing the economic, social, and political affairs of the country toward the realization of socialism."
 spain.185.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.186.t: "Defense of the Revolution"
 spain.186.d: "The present Revolution is being attacked from the internal front as from the international front, the counter-revolutionary action must be pursued and exterminated wherever it is, this struggle will allow us to build the new revolutionary order that guarantees the survival of the present Revolution."
 spain.186.o1: "Long live the Dictatorship of the Proletariat!"
 spain.187.t: "People's Militias"
 spain.187.d: "People's Militias, also called The armed fist of the working class is a militia organisation of Communist Party of Spain. The task of the militias is to protect against guerrillas expected to appear after the takeover, against undercover agents sent to Spain and to cooperate with the police and the army. About 3,000 militiamen joined police forces. Non-communists were slowly removed from the militias."
 spain.187.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.188.t: "Liquidation of Class Enemies"
 spain.188.d: "A counterrevolutionary action is any action aimed at overthrowing, undermining or weakening the power of workers 'and peasants' councils, or undermining or weakening the external security of SRS and the major economic, political and national achievements of the proletarian revolution."
 spain.188.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.189.t: "State Security Directorate"
 spain.189.d: "Thoroughly monitor public opinion, internal subversion and possible destabilizing plots."
 spain.189.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.190.t: "Main Camp Administration"
 spain.190.d: "Is the government agency that administered and controlled the forced-labor camp system."
 spain.190.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.191.t: "Red Terror"
 spain.191.d: "The need for mass terror to "build revolutionary order"."
 spain.191.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.192.t: "Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Spain"
 spain.192.d: "According to Marxist-Leninist theory, the objective of the successive constitutions of the Socialist Republic of Spain is, after capitalism, to lay the foundations for the development of socialism so that the final phase of development can finally be reached Human, communism. Its nature is mainly descriptive, as it shapes established relations on paper and changes as the socioeconomic scenario changes."
 spain.192.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.193.t: "Proletarian Internationalism"
 spain.193.d: "Proletarian internationalism has two important elements: solidarity with the revolutionary processes of all the peoples of the world, expressed through the provision of aid to them to achieve success; And learning what they have of positive to achieve the common objectives of the revolutionary cause of the workers. Thus, just as the capitalists of all countries unite to fight for their ideas and defend their social positions and economic interests, workers of different nationalities also embrace their cause above national borders and fight in a coordinated way for their common interests . This is proletarian internationalism."
 spain.193.o1: "Proletarians of all countries, unite!"
 spain.194.t: "World Revolution"
 spain.194.d: "The world revolution refers to the need, underlined by Vladimir Lenin, that the socialist revolution be global to be durable, otherwise the expansionist dynamics of capitalism and the problems of the social structure stressed will sooner or later fall the government from the workers."
 spain.194.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.195.t: "Communist International"
 spain.195.d: "It groups the communist parties of different countries, whose aim is to fight for the suppression of the capitalist system, the establishment of the dictatorship of the proletariat and the International Republic of Soviets, the complete abolition of classes and the realization of socialism, as First step to communist society, as set out in its first statutes."
 spain.195.o1: "Workers of the world, unite!"
 spain.196.t: "A spectre is haunting Europe"
 spain.196.d: "At the last Conference a resolution was adopted on the need for an anti-fascist alliance of the popular movements together with Socialist Spain and the working class movements to fight against capitalism."
 spain.196.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.197.t: "A spectre is haunting America"
 spain.197.d: "At the last Conference a resolution was adopted on the need for an anti-imperialist alliance of the colonial and national liberation movements along with Socialist Spain and the working class movements to fight against capitalism."
 spain.197.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.198.t: "Communist Reality Debate"
 spain.198.d: "An invitation has been made to various socialist parties and groups, inviting them to Barcelona to hold an International Communist Conference. From this conference will be born the new Communist International."
 spain.198.o1: "Long live the Internationalist Struggle!"
 spain.199.t: "Peaceful Coexistence"
 spain.199.d: "The fundamental thing in the peaceful coexistence of the states with diverse social regime is the renunciation to the war as a means of solving the international disputes and their solution by peaceful means; Equality of rights among states, mutual understanding and trust between them; Taking into account the interests of both parties, non-interference in internal affairs, strict respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all states; The development of economic and cultural collaboration based on full equality and mutual advantage. The policy of peaceful coexistence derives from the nature of socialist society, in which there are no classes or groups interested in war .... At the present time, the struggle for peaceful coexistence to avoid thermonuclear warfare has become In an important historical task not only of the working class, but, besides the overwhelming majority of the population of the world."
 spain.199.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.200.t: "Befriend EU"
 spain.200.d: "Recently different treaties have been signed that benefit the construction and strengthening of the Socialist State."
 spain.200.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.201.t: "Befriend USA"
 spain.201.d: "Recently different treaties have been signed that benefit the construction and strengthening of the Socialist State."
 spain.201.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.202.t: "Befriend Hispanic America"
 spain.202.d: "Recently different treaties have been signed that benefit the construction and strengthening of the Socialist State."
 spain.202.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.203.t: "Befriend Communist"
 spain.203.d: "Recently different treaties have been signed that benefit the construction and strengthening of the Socialist State."
 spain.203.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.204.t: "Counter-revolutionary"
 spain.204.d: "In the current political and social panorama of Spain, the counterrevolution has not remained passive in the face of recent events, now it has been articulated in what they call the Front of Freedom, in which they are framed from the most openly fascists, Monarchists, to the official representatives of the current Spanish oligarchy that are the PP and the PSOE. All types of subversive actions are carried out, and the direct intervention of the army to reinstate democracy in Spain is openly discussed. At the moment, it is called periodic demonstrations that often end in riots with the forces of public order."
 spain.204.o1: "Ignore them"
 spain.204.o2: "Repression"
 spain.205.t: "International Counter-revolutionary"
 spain.205.d: "From the European Union, led by Germany and France, the United States has initiated a series of measures, such as isolation and economic and commercial sanctions, with the aim of destabilizing and overthrowing the present Government, and even threaten armed intervention with The object of restoring democracy. It is known that the current Freedom Front is being financed with enormous economic parties by the capitalist Powers."
 spain.205.o1: "They be damned!"
 spain.206.t: "Revisionist Counter-revolutionary"
 spain.206.d: "In the face of the repression of the recent manifestations of the Freedom Front, from the United Formation We can have stated that the measures taken by the government are fascist and totalitarian, typical of a Stalinist regime, and that the recent increase of the resources destined to the Forces Public Order and the Armed Forces are a clear example. They have presented a resolution to alleviate these circumstances by presenting such measures as: dissolution of the State Security Corps and Forces, Dissolution of the Armed Forces, promotion of positive discrimination policies with quotas of power (both homosexual, feminine and immigrant) To repeal the controls in Border and grant the nationality to the irregular foreigners, besides a relation of measures related to the altermundismo."
 spain.206.o1: "Accept criticism"
 spain.206.o2: "Repression"
 spain.207.t: "Organized Repression"
 spain.207.d: "In order to avoid indiscriminate repression and that criminal gangs with a personal desire for profit, which were protected under the cover of parties and unions to achieve their personal goals, can act legally to establish laws aimed at the repression of terrorism, saboteurs and other class enemies."
 spain.207.o1: "Decline"
 spain.207.o2: "Law of Repression of Counter-Revolutionary Activity"
 spain.208.t: "Dilectissima Nobis"
 spain.208.d: "John Paul II has excommunicated the Government and has written an encyclical Dilectissima Nobis on the unjust situation created to the Catholic Church in Spain. The Intelligence Service informs us that it is currently detecting a significant number of papal agents who use the Spanish parish network."
 spain.208.o1: "They be damned!"
 spain.209.t: "Three Secrets of Rocío"
 spain.209.d: "The Three Secrets of Rocío consist of a series of apocalyptic visions and prophecies which were given to three young Spanishs shepherds. The first secret, a vision of Hell. The second secret along with a prediction of another world war during the reign of John Paul II, should men continue offending God and should Spain not convert. The second half requests that Spain be consecrated to the Immaculate Heart of Mary. The third secret has not been revealed and speculations have begun on its subject, from a global nuclear holocaust to the dangers that threaten the faith and life of the Christian, and therefore of the world."
 spain.209.o1: "Silly"
 spain.210.t: "Great Purge"
 spain.210.d: "Throughout the morning the United Socialist Party of Spain, resulting from the unification of the Communist Party with prominent elements of the present Revolution, issued a communiqué on the events of last night: «In the face of repeated attempts to reinstate the dictatorship in Spain of prominent members of the present Government and the infiltration of terrorists, saboteurs and agents of international imperialism, the Vanguard of the Proletariat can not remain impassive in the face of such events and therefore declares the War to Counter-revolution wherever it may be. That a series of campaigns of political repression and persecution of these elements will continue, proceeding to their public prosecution by Tribunales Revolucionarios constituted for that purpose.»"
 spain.210.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.211.t: "Case of the Iglesias-Monedero Center"
 spain.211.d: "The court martial has considered that the charges of the defendants were proven, and have issued a sentence in which all were sentenced to the maximum penalty - the execution. All defendants were charged with high treason, espionage, defeatism, terror, sabotage, undermining the military power of the RDE, provoking a military attack of foreign states against the RDE. All charges were included in the new Law of Repression of Counterrevolutionary Activity. The charges included the following points: To be part of a group for the conspiracy called "Trotskyist-Right Bloc", which describes by itself its objectives, among which would be the restoration of capitalism and the dissolution of the RDE. Connections with foreign espionage, in particular with the German imperialists (directly or through Pablo Iglesias), preparation of an armed aggression against the RDE, obtaining aid from foreign governments and the counterrevolutionary and Trotskyist emigration. Work for spy services from USA, Britain, France, Japan and Germany. To aim to direct sabotage in industry and agriculture, through sabotage of mines, train derailment, death of cattle, etc. The murder of state officials. Plan the assassination of the members of the PSUE Central Committee."
 spain.211.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.212.t: "Process of the Anarcho-Fascist Block"
 spain.212.d: "The court martial has considered that the charges of the defendants were proven, and have issued a sentence in which all were sentenced to the maximum penalty - the execution. All defendants were charged with high treason, espionage, defeatism, terror, sabotage, undermining the military power of the RDE, provoking a military attack of foreign states against the RDE. All charges were included in the new Law of Repression of Counterrevolutionary Activity. The charges included the following points: To be part of a group for the conspiracy called "Trotskyist-Right Bloc", which describes by itself its objectives, among which would be the restoration of capitalism and the dissolution of the RDE. Connections with foreign espionage, in particular with the German imperialists (directly or through Pablo Iglesias), preparation of an armed aggression against the RDE, obtaining aid from foreign governments and the counterrevolutionary and Trotskyist emigration. Work for spy services from USA, Britain, France, Japan and Germany. To aim to direct sabotage in industry and agriculture, through sabotage of mines, train derailment, death of cattle, etc. The murder of state officials. Plan the assassination of the members of the PSUE Central Committee."
 spain.212.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.213.t: "Bloc of Rights and Trotskyites"
 spain.213.d: "The court martial has considered that the charges of the defendants were proven, and have issued a sentence in which all were sentenced to the maximum penalty - the execution. All defendants were charged with high treason, espionage, defeatism, terror, sabotage, undermining the military power of the RDE, provoking a military attack of foreign states against the RDE. All charges were included in the new Law of Repression of Counterrevolutionary Activity. The charges included the following points: To be part of a group for the conspiracy called "Trotskyist-Right Bloc", which describes by itself its objectives, among which would be the restoration of capitalism and the dissolution of the RDE. Connections with foreign espionage, in particular with the German imperialists (directly or through Pablo Iglesias), preparation of an armed aggression against the RDE, obtaining aid from foreign governments and the counterrevolutionary and Trotskyist emigration. Work for spy services from USA, Britain, France, Japan and Germany. To aim to direct sabotage in industry and agriculture, through sabotage of mines, train derailment, death of cattle, etc. The murder of state officials. Plan the assassination of the members of the PSUE Central Committee."
 spain.213.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.214.t: "Counter-revolutionary"
 spain.214.d: "In the current political and social panorama of Spain, the counterrevolution has not remained passive in the face of recent events, now it has been articulated in what they call the Front of Freedom, in which they are framed from the most openly fascists, Monarchists, to the official representatives of the current Spanish oligarchy that are the PP and the PSOE. All types of subversive actions are carried out, and the direct intervention of the army to reinstate democracy in Spain is openly discussed. At the moment, it is called periodic demonstrations that often end in riots with the forces of public order."
 spain.214.o1: "Repression"
 spain.215.t: "International Counter-revolutionary"
 spain.215.d: "From the European Union, led by Germany and France, the United States has initiated a series of measures, such as isolation and economic and commercial sanctions, with the aim of destabilizing and overthrowing the present Government, and even threaten armed intervention with The object of restoring democracy. It is known that the current Freedom Front is being financed with enormous economic parties by the capitalist Powers."
 spain.215.o1: "They be damned!"
 spain.216.t: "Revisionist Counter-revolutionary"
 spain.216.d: "In the face of the repression of the recent manifestations of the Freedom Front, from the United Formation We can have stated that the measures taken by the government are fascist and totalitarian, typical of a Stalinist regime, and that the recent increase of the resources destined to the Forces Public Order and the Armed Forces are a clear example. They have presented a resolution to alleviate these circumstances by presenting such measures as: dissolution of the State Security Corps and Forces, Dissolution of the Armed Forces, promotion of positive discrimination policies with quotas of power (both homosexual, feminine and immigrant) To repeal the controls in Border and grant the nationality to the irregular foreigners, besides a relation of measures related to the altermundismo."
 spain.216.o1: "Repression"
 spain.217.t: "Organized Repression"
 spain.217.d: "In order to avoid indiscriminate repression and that criminal gangs with a personal desire for profit, which were protected under the cover of parties and unions to achieve their personal goals, can act legally to establish laws aimed at the repression of terrorism, saboteurs and other class enemies."
 spain.217.o1: "Law of Repression of Counter-Revolutionary Activity"
 spain.218.t: "Great Purge"
 spain.218.d: "Throughout the morning the Communist Party of Spain issued a communiqué on the events of last night: «In the face of repeated attempts to reinstate the dictatorship in Spain and the infiltration of terrorists, saboteurs and agents of international imperialism, the Vanguard of the Proletariat can not remain impassive in the face of such events and therefore declares the War to Counter-revolution wherever it may be. That a series of campaigns of political repression and persecution of these elements will continue, proceeding to their public prosecution by Tribunales Revolucionarios constituted for that purpose.»"
 spain.218.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.219.t: "Case of the Iglesias-Monedero Center"
 spain.219.d: "The court has found that the charges of the defendants were proven, and have issued a sentence in which all were sentenced to the maximum penalty - the execution. All defendants were charged with high treason, espionage, defeatism, terror, sabotage, undermining the military power of SSR, provoking a military attack by foreign states against SSR. All charges were included in the new Law of Repression of Counter-Revolutionary Activity. The charges included the following points: Being part of a group for the conspiracy called "Iglesias-Monedero Opposition Block", which describes by its own objectives, among which would be the restoration of capitalism and the dissolution of SSR. Connections with foreign espionage, in particular, with the German imperialists (directly or through Pablo Iglesias), preparation of an armed aggression against SSR, obtaining assistance from foreign governments and from counterrevolutionary and Trotskyist emigration. Work for spy services from USA, Britain, France, Japan and Germany. To aim to direct sabotage in industry and agriculture, through mine sabotage, train derailment, death of cattle, etc. The murder of state officials. Plan the assassination of the members of the Central Committee of the PCE."
 spain.219.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.220.t: "Process of the Anarcho-Fascist Block"
 spain.220.d: "The court has found that the charges of the defendants were proven, and have issued a sentence in which all were sentenced to the maximum penalty - the execution. All defendants were charged with high treason, espionage, defeatism, terror, sabotage, undermining the military power of the SSR, provoking a military attack of foreign states against SSR. All charges were included in the new Law of Repression of Counter-Revolutionary Activity. The charges included the following points: Being part of a group for the conspiracy called "Anarcho-Fascist Bloc", which describes by itself its objectives, among which would be the restoration of capitalism and the dissolution of the SSR. Connections with foreign espionage, in particular with the German imperialists, the preparation of an armed aggression against the SSR, obtaining help from foreign governments and from the counterrevolutionary and Trotskyist emigration. Work for spy services from USA, Britain, France, Japan and Germany. To aim to direct sabotage in industry and agriculture, through mine sabotage, train derailment, death of cattle, etc. The murder of state officials. Plan the assassination of the members of the Central Committee of the PCE."
 spain.220.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.221.t: "Bloc of Rights and Trotskyites"
 spain.221.d: "The court has found that the charges of the defendants were proven, and have issued a sentence in which all were sentenced to the maximum penalty - the execution. All defendants were charged with high treason, espionage, defeatism, terror, sabotage, undermining the military power of the SSR, provoking a military attack of foreign states against SSR. All charges were included in the new Law of Repression of Counter-Revolutionary Activity. The charges included the following points: To be part of a group for the conspiracy called "Trotskyist-Right Bloc", which describes by itself its objectives, among which would be the restoration of capitalism and the dissolution of the SSR. Connections with foreign espionage, in particular, with the German imperialists (directly or through Iñigo Errejón), the preparation of an armed aggression against the SRH, obtaining help from foreign governments and from the counterrevolutionary and Trotskyist emigration. Work for spy services from USA, Britain, France, Japan and Germany. To aim to direct sabotage in industry and agriculture, through mine sabotage, train derailment, death of cattle, etc. The murder of state officials. Plan the assassination of the members of the Central Committee of the PCE."
 spain.221.o1: "Death to the revisionists"
 spain.222.t: "Collective Ownership"
 spain.222.d: "In socializing the production, in the socialist regime, a concordance between the relations of production and the state of the productive forces is established, because the social character of the production agrees with the social property over the means of production. In this way it is possible to plan all the branches of the national economy in a planned way."
 spain.222.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.223.t: "Foreign Trade"
 spain.223.d: "The foreign trade of the countries of the socialist community develops from the international socialist division of labor. It facilitates the economic approximation of countries, the leveling of their degrees of economic development, the consolidation of the world socialist economy. The foreign trade of the socialist countries with the developing countries contributes to that they strengthen their state sovereignty and their economic independence."
 spain.223.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.224.t: "Nationalization of Electric Industry"
 spain.224.d: "Revolutionary abolition of the ownership of the exploiting classes by the proletarian state and transformation of it into state socialist property (of the whole people). Socialist nationalization constitutes an objective necessity, a very important part of the revolutionary process that leads from capitalism to socialism, and it follows from the requirements of the law of the correspondence between the relations of production and the character of the productive forces, is one of The general laws of the socialist revolution and the building of socialism. It liquidates capitalist property and that of landlords on the means of production, ends the political domination of the exploiting classes, creates the socialist type of economy."
 spain.224.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.225.t: "Nationalization of Oil Industry"
 spain.225.d: "Revolutionary abolition of the ownership of the exploiting classes by the proletarian state and transformation of it into state socialist property (of the whole people). Socialist nationalization constitutes an objective necessity, a very important part of the revolutionary process that leads from capitalism to socialism, and it follows from the requirements of the law of the correspondence between the relations of production and the character of the productive forces, is one of The general laws of the socialist revolution and the building of socialism. It liquidates capitalist property and that of landlords on the means of production, ends the political domination of the exploiting classes, creates the socialist type of economy."
 spain.225.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.226.t: "Nationalization of Banks"
 spain.226.d: "Revolutionary abolition of the ownership of the exploiting classes by the proletarian state and transformation of it into state socialist property (of the whole people). Socialist nationalization constitutes an objective necessity, a very important part of the revolutionary process that leads from capitalism to socialism, and it follows from the requirements of the law of the correspondence between the relations of production and the character of the productive forces, is one of The general laws of the socialist revolution and the building of socialism. It liquidates capitalist property and that of landlords on the means of production, ends the political domination of the exploiting classes, creates the socialist type of economy."
 spain.226.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.227.t: "Nationalization of Steel Industry"
 spain.227.d: "Revolutionary abolition of the ownership of the exploiting classes by the proletarian state and transformation of it into state socialist property (of the whole people). Socialist nationalization constitutes an objective necessity, a very important part of the revolutionary process that leads from capitalism to socialism, and it follows from the requirements of the law of the correspondence between the relations of production and the character of the productive forces, is one of The general laws of the socialist revolution and the building of socialism. It liquidates capitalist property and that of landlords on the means of production, ends the political domination of the exploiting classes, creates the socialist type of economy."
 spain.227.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.228.t: "Supreme Council of the National Economy"
 spain.228.d: "The SCNE is the supreme organ of the management of the economy"
 spain.228.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.229.t: "New Economic Policy"
 spain.229.d: "Allowing the establishment of some private enterprises, the NEP allows private initiative in domestic trade for private profit while the state continued to control foreign trade, banks and large industries."
 spain.229.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.230.t: "Socialist Property"
 spain.230.d: "Social property over the instruments and means of production, the economic base of socialism. It arises as a result of the socialist revolution by means of the socialization of private capitalist property and by the transformation, in accordance with socialist principles, of the small private property of labor."
 spain.230.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.231.t: "Socialization of Production Relations"
 spain.231.d: "The suppression of capitalist property and the creation of socialist social property eliminate the antagonistic contradictions between the productive forces and the relations of production, opens an unlimited horizon for their development."
 spain.231.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.232.t: "Central Logistics"
 spain.232.d: "The Central Corridor is a rail corridor of passengers and merchandise that travels from north to south the Iberian Peninsula. Together with the Atlantic Corridor and the Mediterranean Corridor, these will be the three main transport networks of both people and goods from the Iberian peninsula to the rest of Europe."
 spain.232.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.233.t: "Mediterranean Logistics"
 spain.233.d: "The Mediterranean Corridor is the term under which is denominated a set of railway lines in the east of Spain destined to the transport of passengers and merchandise and that run mainly parallel to the Mediterranean coast. Its route covers the autonomous communities of Catalonia, Valencian Community, Murcia and Andalusia. Due to its connection with the European high-speed lines and its interoperability with the main Spanish ports, it is one of the most important railways in the country's economic and commercial area."
 spain.233.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.234.t: "Atlantic Logistics"
 spain.234.d: "The Atlantic Corridor is a passenger and freight rail corridor that connects the ports of the Atlantic facade with the interior and the rest of Europe. Together with the Central Corridor and the Mediterranean Corridor will be the three main transport networks of both people and goods of the Iberian peninsula with the rest of the European continent."
 spain.234.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.235.t: "Academic City"
 spain.235.d: "It is a formal term to refer to cities that have a high concentration of research and scientific developments. Many of these cities are being built in the socialist era with this express purpose."
 spain.235.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.236.t: "Emancipation of Women"
 spain.236.d: "The communist conception of the emancipation of women was based on four fundamental pillars: Free union, female liberation through wage labor, the socialization of domestic labor and the extinction of the family."
 spain.236.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.237.t: "Socialist Emulation"
 spain.237.d: "A method for raising labor productivity, increasing and perfecting social production and communist education on the basis of the expansion of activity and the creative initiative of workers, free from all exploitation. Socialist emulation emerged after the socialist revolution, thanks to which it became possible to organize on a large scale the emulation between millions of workers, peasants and employees who replaced forced labor for the benefit of the exploiters for the work for themselves, for their society."
 spain.237.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.238.t: "State Planning Committee"
 spain.238.d: "The SSR State Plan Committee has become the sole central planning body of the country and is responsible for overall state planning."
 spain.238.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.239.t: "Democratic Centralism in the Economy"
 spain.239.d: "Principle of economic direction under socialism; It is about rightly combining centralized management with the broad participation of local agencies and all workers in the governance of social production. Democratic centralism in the direction of the economy is only possible in a socialist regime, which allows it, on the one hand, centralizes the direction of the entire national economy, and, on the other hand, to incorporate labor into the broad Masses of workers."
 spain.239.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.240.t: "Socialist Industrialization"
 spain.240.d: "Process of transformation of the agricultural countries in advanced industrial countries by means of the creation and the preferential development of the branches of the heavy industry, point of support of the material and technical base of the socialist society. Industrialization allows to create this material base."
 spain.240.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.241.t: "Central Logistics"
 spain.241.d: "The Central Corridor is a rail corridor of passengers and merchandise that travels from north to south the Iberian Peninsula. Together with the Atlantic Corridor and the Mediterranean Corridor, these will be the three main transport networks of both people and goods from the Iberian peninsula to the rest of Europe."
 spain.241.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.242.t: "Collectivization of Agriculture"
 spain.242.d: "The passage of land, which is the private property of landlords and capitalists owned by the socialist state, not only constitutes a powerful blow against private property over the means of production, but also represents a step towards socialism."
 spain.242.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.243.t: "Academic City"
 spain.243.d: "It is a formal term to refer to cities that have a high concentration of research and scientific developments. Many of these cities are being built in the socialist era with this express purpose."
 spain.243.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.244.t: "Socialist Accumulation"
 spain.244.d: "Use of the part of the national income of the socialist society to expand the social production and increase non-productive funds as well as to build material and financial reserves. Under socialism, accumulation carries a cable to increase and perfect production, to create the material base and technique of communism, to raise the welfare of the people."
 spain.244.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.245.t: "First Five-Year Plan"
 spain.245.d: "The plan foresees in general terms to double the national economy. It tends mainly to the industrialization of the country and the massive development of heavy industry. Each branch of the economy has stipulated the progress it must make: the means of production must increase by 330% and construction will grow by 360%. The number of industrial workers must increase by almost 50%. The capital necessary for the fulfillment of these plans will come from the capital gains of the national work. This large-scale industrialization will be realized through large economic units."
 spain.245.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.246.t: "Cooperation of Companies under Socialism"
 spain.246.d: "Production links between socialist companies engaged in the joint work of a particular product, although they maintain their economic independence and specialize their work. The advantage of joint production is that, combined with the specialization of enterprises, it contributes greatly to the rational use of production potentials and facilitates technical progress, growth in labor productivity, organization and working conditions."
 spain.246.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.247.t: "Economy of Socialism"
 spain.247.d: "The content of the fundamental economic law of socialism consists in satisfying ever more fully the growing material and cultural needs of the people through the development and incessant perfection of social production."
 spain.247.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.248.t: "Atlantic-Mediterranean Logistics"
 spain.248.d: "The Mediterranean Corridor is the term under which is denominated a set of railway lines in the east of Spain destined to the transport of passengers and merchandise and that run mainly parallel to the Mediterranean coast. Its route covers the autonomous communities of Catalonia, Valencian Community, Murcia and Andalusia. The Atlantic Corridor is a rail passenger and cargo corridor that connects the ports of the Atlantic facade with the interior and the rest of Europe."
 spain.248.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.249.t: "Emancipation of Women"
 spain.249.d: "The communist conception of the emancipation of women was based on four fundamental pillars: Free union, female liberation through wage labor, the socialization of domestic labor and the extinction of the family."
 spain.249.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.250.t: "Second Five-Year Plan"
 spain.250.d: "While the first plan "sacrificed everything" to the most essential elements such as heavy industry, in this second plan, special attention was paid to other elements. This plan is characterized by being more equitable with all economic sectors despite the continuation of industries that had priority over others. This plan is much simpler to perform for higher and higher investments. In particular, it will tend to develop industries producing consumer goods, transport, etc."
 spain.250.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.251.t: "Scientific Research Institutes"
 spain.251.d: "Unlike Western countries, most research does not take place in universities, but in special research and development institutes. The most prestigious of them all belonged to the Socialist Academy of Sciences, although others are within the system of specialized academies or the branches of research of various government ministries."
 spain.251.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.252.t: "Socialist Emulation"
 spain.252.d: "A method for raising labor productivity, increasing and perfecting social production and communist education on the basis of the expansion of activity and the creative initiative of workers, free from all exploitation. Socialist emulation emerged after the socialist revolution, thanks to which it became possible to organize on a large scale the emulation between millions of workers, peasants and employees who replaced forced labor for the benefit of the exploiters for the work for themselves, for their society."
 spain.252.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.253.t: "Third Five-Year Plan"
 spain.253.d: "The plan foresees in general terms to double the national economy. It tends mainly to the industrialization of the country and the massive development of heavy industry. Each branch of the economy has stipulated the progress it must make: the means of production must increase by 330% and that of the service-goods industry by 200%. Metallurgy must increase its production by 300% and the chemical industry quintuple it. Construction will grow by 360% and the solid fuel industry by 260%. The number of industrial workers must increase by almost 50%. The capital necessary for the fulfillment of these plans will come from the capital gains of the national work. This large-scale industrialization will be realized through large economic units."
 spain.253.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.254.t: "Cientific Atheism"
 spain.254.d: "Religion is one of the forms of spiritual oppression that everywhere weighs heavily on the masses of the people, more burdened by their perpetual work for others, by necessity and isolation. The impotence of the exploited classes in their struggle against the exploiters just as inevitably leads to a belief in a better life after death as the impotence of the savage in his battle with nature leads to belief in the gods, demons, Which make signs, and the like. Those who work and live in all want their lives are imparted by religion to be submissive and patient while here on earth, and are comforted in the hope of a heavenly reward. But those who live by the work of others are taught by religion to practice charity on earth, thus offering them a very cheap way of justifying their entire existence as exploiters and selling them at moderately priced wellness tickets in heaven. Religion is the opium of the people. Religion is a kind of spiritual drink, in which the slaves of capital drown their human image, their demand for a life more or less worthy of man."
 spain.254.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.255.t: "Socialist Patriotism"
 spain.255.d: "Socialist patriotism refers to a form of civic patriotism espoused by Marxist-Leninist movements. It promotes that people have "unlimited love for the socialist homeland, a commitment to the revolutionary transformation of society and to the cause of communism." The term has been attributed by Soviet writers to Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin. Socialist patriotism is not related to nationalism, because Marxists and Marxist-Leninists denounce the bourgeois character of such an ideology developed under capitalism and confronting the workers with each other. In the Communist Manifesto, a fundamental work of Marxism, the national character of the proletariat is mentioned, although the socialist conception of patriotism is contrary to its use in bourgeois politics."
 spain.255.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.256.t: "Fourth Five-Year Plan"
 spain.256.d: "This plan aimed at the development of specialized industries, especially the chemical industry. It has projected a much faster growth than its predecessors. The guidelines contemplated a change of model: industrial gigantism, centered in very specific places of geography, no longer seems the best model of growth in the long term, but would opt for an industrial decentralization and greater equity in its distribution than Would give rise to enormous rates of demographic and industrial growth in the interior Spain."
 spain.256.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.257.t: "Per Aspera Ad Astra"
 spain.257.d: "«The Earth is the cradle of humanity, but you can not live in a cradle forever.» Space exploration designates the efforts of the human being to study space and its stars from the scientific point of view and its economic exploitation. These efforts may involve both humans traveling on spacecraft and satellites with telemetry resources or guided probes sent to other planets (orbiting or landing on the surface of these celestial bodies)."
 spain.257.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.258.t: "Transformation of Nature"
 spain.258.d: "Large-scale drought fighting is initiated through forest plantations that protect soils from erosion, the introduction of rotating forage crops, the construction of dams and water reservoirs. The strength of this plan lies in its coherence, complexity and dimension. Its share is unprecedented worldwide."
 spain.258.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.259.t: "Fifth Five-Year Plan"
 spain.259.d: "The plan focuses on raising industrial production by 70%, with annual growth of 12% for metallurgy, oil and electricity and 11% for consumer goods. The plan aims to increase between 38% and 41% of national income and a per capita growth of 30%. This plan is increasingly taking into account the progress of the consumer goods industry to the detriment of heavy industry, with the aim of raising the standard of living of the population in general, paying particular attention to reducing the differences Between the urban and rural worlds. Another objective is a broad growth of labor productivity through the rationalization of work, raising the technical and cultural level of the population, better regional economic organization and a more efficient use of capital goods. The pace of agricultural growth should be 25% higher in relation to the increase registered in the previous period and industrial production to grow by 50%."
 spain.259.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.260.t: "The New Man"
 spain.260.d: "The new man must be disinterested, wise, healthy, muscular and enthusiastic in spreading the socialist revolution. Adherence to Marxism-Leninism and individual conduct consistent with the prescriptions of that philosophy are among the crucial features expected of the New Man, which requires intellectualism and hard discipline. It is not driven by raw impulses of nature, but by conscious self-control, a belief that rejects both the innate personality and the unconscious personality. Treat public property with respect, as if it were yours. He has also lost nationalist sentiments. His work requires effort and austerity, to show the new man triumphing over his basic instincts."
 spain.260.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.261.t: "Material and Technical Base of Socialism"
 spain.261.d: "By its physical content, the material and technical base of socialism constitutes above all a system of production of the national economy formed by diverse means of work. They are inherent in the material and technical basis of socialism: the advanced and rapidly developing technique, the high concentration of production, specialization and cooperation in it, the growth of the cultural and technical level of workers, and the unceasing rise of productivity."
 spain.261.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.262.t: "Sixth Five-Year Plan"
 spain.262.d: "The plan focuses on raising industrial production by 70%, with annual growth of 12% for metallurgy, oil and electricity and 11% for consumer goods. The plan aims to increase between 38% and 41% of national income and a per capita growth of 30%. This plan is increasingly taking into account the progress of the consumer goods industry to the detriment of heavy industry, with the aim of raising the standard of living of the population in general, paying particular attention to reducing the differences Between the urban and rural worlds. Another objective is a broad growth of labor productivity through the rationalization of work, raising the technical and cultural level of the population, better regional economic organization and a more efficient use of capital goods. The pace of agricultural growth should be 25% higher in relation to the increase registered in the previous period and industrial production to grow by 50%."
 spain.262.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.263.t: "State Hydrological Institute"
 spain.263.d: "The staff of the newly formed organization comprised professionals from other scientific organizations. At the time of its creation, the challenge was to develop the basic content and quantitative substantiation of the Hydraulic Program of SSR."
 spain.263.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.264.t: "State Institute of Energy Research"
 spain.264.d: "The staff at the newly formed organization comprised professionals gathered from other scientific organizations. At the time of its creation,  challenge was to develop the basic content and quantitative substantiation for the Energy Program of the SSR."
 spain.264.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.265.t: "Digital State Network"
 spain.265.d: "The Digital State Network, in Spanish Red Estatal Digital (RED), will be the largest infrastructure project in Spain's history, develoingp a modern optical fibre telecommunications network to provide broadband access to 93% of the Spanish population at 400 Gb/s and 1 Tb/s, with those areas and people outside the network footprint to be provided broadband access through fixed wireless and geosynchronous telecommunications satellite. Its main objective is to circumvent the problem of economic calculation in socialism."
 spain.265.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.266.t: "Radiotelevisión Española"
 spain.266.d: "In the exercise of its public service function, the Public Entity RTVE had to serve as an essential vehicle for information and political participation of citizens, for the formation of public opinion, for cooperation with the educational system, for dissemination of Spanish culture and for Their nationalities and regions, as well as a capital means to contribute to making freedom and equality real and effective, with special attention to the protection of the marginalized and the non-discrimination of women."
 spain.266.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.267.t: "Proletarian Culture"
 spain.267.d: "The task of the 'Proletkults' is the development of an independent proletarian spiritual culture, including all areas of the human spirit — science, art, and everyday life. The new socialist epoch must produce a new culture, the foundations of which are already being laid. This culture will be the fruit of the creative efforts of the working class and will be entirely independent. Work on behalf of proletarian culture should stand on a par with the political and economic struggle of the working class."
 spain.267.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.268.t: "Technical Progress"
 spain.268.d: "Under socialism, technical progress presents a distinct character, is incessant and planned, serves as a powerful resource to improve the welfare of the people in the interest of the whole society. The results of technical progress and the improvement of production are used to expand the national economy to further increase production in order to increase the welfare and cultural level of workers incessantly. In the plans of the national economy, current and prospective, the development and introduction of state-of-the-art technology in industry and agriculture, transportation and other branches of the national economy is envisaged. The main directions of technical progress are: multiple machining of labor and large-scale automation of productive processes; Complete electrification of the national economy, application of radiotechnics and electronics; Wide introduction of methods of chemical reprocessing of substances, manufacture of new materials and synthetic objects; Use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes. Technical progress is a very important condition for creating the material and technical basis of communism."
 spain.268.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.275.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.286.t: "People's Army"
 spain.286.d: "The People's Army is an institution formed entirely based on the principle of the Dictatorship of the Proletariat, with officials selected by the Workers 'and Peasants' Government and the Communist Party. The system of political commissars is important, because of the strength it gives to the revolutionary role of the army, while it watches over the revolutionary formation of the troops. With the denomination of popular army its organizers usually want to give character of army to a popular militia or other types of armed institutions organized of revolutionary or insurrectional form, at least in its historical beginning or like ideological pretension; Since, if they persist in time, their revolutionary or insurrectionary character necessarily loses its spontaneous condition (if ever they did). If they succeed they become a regular army and if not, in a group that considers itself guerrilla and by the state to which it fights terrorist."
 spain.286.o1: "«For the Protection of the Workers' and Farmers' Power»"
 spain.287.t: "Mando Conjunto de Operaciones Especiales"
 spain.287.d: "The Joint Command of Special Operations (MCOE) of the Armed Forces of Spain, is a unit of command dependent of the Command of Operations of Spain (MOPS) in charge of the design, execution and supervision of everything related to the special operations. It aims to increase the interoperability and integration of special operations units of the Army, Navy and Air Force."
 spain.287.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.288.t: "Grupos de Operaciones Especiales"
 spain.288.d: "The Special Operations Groups (GOE) are the special operations units of the Spanish Army, the so-called Green Berets. Initially they were mainly aimed at guerrilla warfare, but nowadays their function is to infiltrate and reconnoiter missions by any means for surveillance or observation or concrete attacks, always in small groups (approximately 12-16 men) and always behind the Enemy lines."
 spain.288.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.289.t: "Legión Española"
 spain.289.d: "The Spanish Legion (Spanish: Legión Española, La Legión), informally known as the Tercio or the Tercios, is a unit of the Spanish Army and Spain's Rapid Reaction Force. It was raised in the 1920s to serve as part of Spain's Army of Africa. The unit, which was established in January 1920 as the Spanish equivalent of the French Foreign Legion, was initially known as the Tercio de Extranjeros ("Tercio of foreigners"), the name under which it began fighting in the Rif War of 1920-6. Although it recruited some foreigners mostly from Spanish-speaking nations, it recruited predominantly from Spaniards. As a result, and since it existed to serve in Spanish Morocco, it was soon renamed Tercio de Marruecos ("Tercio of Morocco"). By the end of the Rif War it had expanded and again changed its name, to the "Spanish Legion", with several "tercios" as sub-units. The Legion played a major role in the Nationalist forces in the Spanish Civil War. In post-Franco Spain, the modern Legion has undertaken tours of duty in the Yugoslav Wars, Afghanistan, Iraq and Operation Libre Hidalgo UNIFIL. The Spanish Legion is now mostly used in NATO peacekeeping missions. It has 5,000 soldiers in a Brigade of two Tercios (regiments) based in Ronda, Málaga and Viator, Almería (Andalusia). Two other independent tercios are deployed in the Spanish African enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla as part of their respective garrisons. The legion is directly controlled by the Spanish General Staff. Although the detachment at Málaga was transferred away, each year a company of legionaries from one of the Tercios (regiments) returns to march in the Holy Week procession with the Christ of the Good Death, a life-size effigy of Christ Crucified, adopted by the legion as Patron in the 1920s. It also has its own confraternity with its home chapel located in this historic city, where veterans who served in this unit are counted among its membership. The Legion's detachments also take part in various Holy Week events nationwide, including its military band. Millán-Astray provided the Legion with a distinctive spirit and symbolism intended to evoke Spain's Imperial and Christian traditions. For instance, the Legion adopted the regimental designation of tercio in memory of the 16th-century Spanish infantry formations that had toppled nations and terrorized the battlefields of Europe in the days of Charles V. Millán-Astray also revived the Spaniards' ancient feud with the Moors and portrayed his men first as crusaders on an extended Reconquista against the Islamic civilization, and later as the saviours of Spain warding off the twin evils of Communism and democratic liberalism defeating the dangerous spectre of 'Eastern Atheism'."
 spain.289.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.294.t: "Stabilisation Force (SFOR)"
 spain.294.d: "The Stabilization Force (SFOR) was a multinational NATO force deployed in Bosnia and Herzegovina, responsible for implementing the Dayton Accords, which ended the Bosnian war. A new meeting of the Peace Implementation Council in Bosnia and Herzegovina was opened in London on 4 December 1996 by Prime Minister John Major. Participated 56 delegations, by Spanish attended the Secretary of State Ramon de Miguel. The Secretary General of NATO announced that they intended to transform the IFOR into a Stabilization Force (SFOR). SFOR was an increase in size, compared to IFOR, and would have a mandate of 8 months with renewals every six months. SFOR replaced IFOR on 20 December. SFOR operated under the code name Operation Joint Guard between 21 December 1996 and 19 June 1998 and Operation Joint Forge between 20 June 1998 and 2 December 2004 where EUFOR Althea took over the mission. The level of troops was reduced to approximately 12,000 by the end of 2002 and to 7,000 by the end of 2004. During the 2004 Istanbul NATO Summit, the end of the SFOR mission was announced. SFOR had relieved IFOR of its mission and was replaced by EUFOR Althea of ​​the European Union on 2 December 2004."
 spain.294.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.295.t: "Kosovo Force (KFOR)"
 spain.295.d: "The Kosovo Force (KFOR) is a North Atlantic Treaty Organisation-led international peacekeeping force which was responsible for establishing a secure environment in Kosovo."
 spain.295.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.296.t: "International Security Assistance Force (ISAF)"
 spain.296.d: "The International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) was a NATO-led security mission in Afghanistan, established by the United Nations Security Council in December 2001 by Resolution 1386, as envisaged by the Bonn Agreement."
 spain.296.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.297.t: "Multi-National Force – Iraq (MNF–I)"
 spain.297.d: "The Multi-National Force – Iraq (MNF–I), often referred to as the coalition forces, was a military command during the 2003 invasion of Iraq and much of the ensuing Iraq War, led by the United States of America (Operation Iraqi Freedom), United Kingdom (Operation TELIC), Australia, Spain and Poland, responsible for conducting and handling military operations."
 spain.297.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.298.t: "Operation Libre Hidalgo"
 spain.298.d: "On 30 October 2006 the Legion began its mission in the south-eastern sector of Lebanon, one of the two sectors in the area of deployment of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL), hitherto under the command of the Marine Infantry Expeditionary Force. The assumption of command by General Juan Bautista García Sánchez, who is at the head of the Spanish-led multinational brigade, marks the beginning of the second phase of deployment for the Blue Helmets which commenced after the ceasefire demanded by UN Resolution 1701, unanimously approved by the Security Council on 11 August. On 7 September the Spanish Congress ratified the UN Resolution and the next day Spain sent to Lebanon its first contingent, made up of Marine Infantry soldiers and 76 Army soldiers from HQ, Signals, the Legion and Logistic Support, as well as an NBC unit. Later on 171 more Army troops would arrive, most of them from the Deployment Support Unit, which is made up of personnel from the Engineering Specialties Regiment (from Salamanca) and the Pontoneers & Engineering Specialties Regiment (from Zaragoza). The second Spanish expedition to Lebanon began on 21 October when the naval vessels “Galicia” and “Pizarro” left the Spanish shores. The country contributes 1,100 soldiers to UNIFIL – 710 of them from the Legion, which leads and provides the bulk of the troops for the UN brigade deployed along this Lebanese strip. The contingent also includes a Cavalry Squadron from the Regiment “Lusitania” together with Intelligence, Signals, Sappers and Civil-Military Cooperation (CIMIC) units, as well as a Logistic Support unit from 1st Land Logistic Force. The Spanish soldiers deployed between the Israeli border and the Litani River are stationed at the Spanish base “Miguel de Cervantes”, which is in the municipal district of Blat near the village of Marjayoun. The “Cervantes” base has become the headquarters of the UNIFIL Multinational Brigade and it flies the Spanish flag since 21 September."
 spain.298.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.299.t: "European Union Force (EUFOR)"
 spain.299.d: "The names of operations which are purely or primarily military in form, are given the prefix of either European Union Force (EUFOR), or European Union Naval Force (EUNAVFOR), for terrestrial and naval missions, respectively. EUFOR has been used four times so far: in the Republic of Macedonia from March 2003 to December 2003 as EUFOR Concordia, in Bosnia from 2004 as EUFOR Althea, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2006, and in Chad and the Central African Republic since 2007. These rapid reaction forces are subordinate to the European Union Military Staff, and complements other EU military forces such as Eurocorps, the European Gendarmerie Force, European Maritime Force and EU Battlegroups."
 spain.299.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.300.t: "NATO Exercises & Training"
 spain.300.d: "The primary role of Alliance military forces is to protect peace and to guarantee the territorial integrity, political independence and security of the member states. The Alliance forces must therefore be able to deter and defend effectively. The Alliance operates in an environment of continuing change. The Alliance remains subject to a wide variety of military and non-military risks that are multi-directional and often difficult to predict. Given the multinational and joint character of Allied operations, coherence and interoperability between those national force contributions have to be enhanced. The Adoption of common doctrines, procedures and standards, as well as the need for Alliance forces to train, exercise and operate together is imperative. Hence the need for multinational exercise programmes."
 spain.300.o1: "Interesting"
 spain.301.t: "Exercise Dynamic Mix 2000"
 spain.301.d: "A major training exercise involving forces from 14 NATO countries is taking place in the Mediterranean region from 20 May to 10 June. Dynamic Mix 2000 is designed to improve the Southern Region's capability to implement NATO's strategy and to deal simultaneously with crisis and humanitarian operations. Exercises are therefore taking place concurrently in more than one location, with many countries participating in different aspects of the same exercise. Italy, Greece and Turkey are hosting this multi-phase, multi-force exercise involving approximately 15,000 troops, 65 ships and 290 aircraft, as well as most NATO Headquarters in the Southern Region, under the direction and co-ordination of the Commander-in-Chief, Allied Forces Southern Europe (CINCSOUTH). The exercise will help participants improve interoperability and practise training for humanitarian operations, deployment, re-deployment, integrated communications, and amphibious, land, sea and air activity. The military command, AFSOUTH, based in Naples is focusing on promoting stability and preventing conflict through dialogue, port visits, cooperation and exercises such as this. Dynamic Mix 2000 is scheduled to be held every other year. This year marks the first exercise with NATO's new structure, including the new Joint Headquarters SOUTHCENTRE in Larissa as well as COMSTRIKFORSOUTH acting as the Regional Reaction Force Commander. It will also involve the new Combined Air Operations Centres. Activated last September, these Centres and their organisation streamline and improve command and control of NATO air assets throughout the Southern Region."
 spain.301.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.302.t: "Cooperative Partner 2001"
 spain.302.d: "For the first time, the Republic of Georgia is hosting a NATO Partnership for Peace (PfP) exercise from 11-22 June. Cooperative Partner 2001 is taking place in the Black Sea and will involve maritime and land training. It aims to develop naval and amphibious interoperability between NATO and Partner participants in peace support operations and provision of humanitarian assistance. Cooperative Partner is an annual exercise. Participants in this year's exercise come from France, Germany, Greece, Italy, The Netherlands, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom and the United States, as well as from the following Partner countries: Azerbaijan, Bulgaria, Georgia, Romania, Sweden and Ukraine."
 spain.302.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.303.t: "Exercise Dynamic Mix 2002"
 spain.303.d: "A live, computer-assisted exercise called Dynamic Mix started on 21 May and will last until 6 June. The aim of this biannual exercise is to maintain troop readiness in NATO's southern region to respond immediately to any crisis. Exercise Dynamic Mix 2002 is therefore training personnel in command and control procedures and communications interfaces during crisis response, collective defence and humanitarian assistance operations. The exercise is taking place in Spain (the Canary Islands included), the Western Mediterranean, the Southeast Atlantic and Turkey, and involves approximately 15 000 personnel from fourteen NATO member forces. Personnel from the NATO Airborne Early Warning Force, the Standing Naval Forces and Allied headquarters are also participating. Exercise Dynamic Mix 2002 is under the command of the Regional Headquarter Allied Forces South Europe (AFSOUTH) based in Naples. Exercise Damsel Fair 2002 -an annual mine-countermeasures exercise- is also being integrated into the exercise."
 spain.303.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.304.t: "Northern Light 2003"
 spain.304.d: "Close to 8,500 military personnel from twelve NATO nations are taking part in Northern Light 2003, a major NATO crisis response exercise in the Irish Sea from 15 to 26 September. The exercise will test the capability of NATO member forces to respond to a crisis situation. It will also demonstrate some of the maritime and amphibious capabilities that could be deployed as part of the new NATO Response Force (NRF). In particular, the exercise will see the first activation of a NATO maritime Higher Readiness Force Headquarters, while amphibious and land troops will be tested in a landing on the beach of Luce Bay, Scotland on 20 September. Seven new experimental projects will also be evaluated in the course of the exercise, including a nuclear, biological and chemical response team and laboratory. NATO member countries Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States are taking part, as well as invitee partner nation Lithuania, and partner countries Sweden and Ukraine. The entire exercise force will comprise 50 ships and submarines, 15 fighter aircraft, numerous military helicopters and approximately 800 amphibious and land troops."
 spain.304.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.305.t: "Dogfish 2004"
 spain.305.d: "NATO's largest anti-submarine warfare exercise, Dogfish 04, is taking place in the Ionian sea from 19 February to 3 March. It aims to maintain proficiency in coordinated anti-submarine, anti-surface and coastal surveillance operations using a multinational force of ships, submarines and aircraft. Eleven NATO countries will be participating in this annual exercise, providing submarines, maritime patrol aircraft, surface ships and personnel. Germany, Greece, Italy, Spain, Turkey and the United States will supply the submarines, five NATO surface ships from the Standing Naval Mediterranean (STANAVFORMED) will take part, as well as two US Destroyers, a French frigate, two Italian corvettes and an oil tanker. The maritime patrol aircraft, operating from Sicily, are from Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States, and Italy will provide shore-based ASW helicopters. The whole exercise will be controlled from the co-located multinational NATO HQ of the Commander Submarines, Allied Naval Forces South and the Commander, Maritime air, Allied Naval Forces South, Naples, Italy."
 spain.305.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.306.t: "Allied Nation 2005"
 spain.306.d: "Joint Command Lisbon will test sea-based headquarters capabilities in its first command post exercise this year, ALLIED ACTION 05, which will take place from 17 May to 1 June 2005 in Spain and France. The exercise will be built on a fictitious NATO-led crisis response operation under a United Nations’ mandate. ALLIED ACTION is designed to certify JC Lisbon and the Component Commands for the NRF5 and to validate the sea-based Combined Joint Task Force (CJTF) capability.This is a unique exercise offering participants the opportunity to practice the activation and deployment of NATO Response Force (NRF). They will specifically focus on the rapid mobilization of a Deployable sea-basedJoint Task Force headquarters (also known as a DJTF). With the participation of approximately 2,500 personnel from 23 NATO nations and 7 Partner nations, ALLIED ACTION 05 will be one of NATO’s largest military headquarters exercises this year. This command post exercise will not involve any troop movement. Vice Admiral Fernando J.R. Melo Gomes, Portuguese Navy,Commander Joint Command Lisbon (COM JC Lisbon) will conduct the exercise, operating from the amphibious command ship, the USS Mount Whitney. The Italian aircraft carrier Garibaldi will serve as the Maritime Component Command headquarters. The Spanish High Readiness Force (Land) Headquarters will act as the Land Component Command. The French Joint Force Air Command Component will act as the Air Component Command. ALLIED ACTION 05 is an important step in the implementation process of the NRF/CJTF concepts, which will provide the Alliance with a vital tool for crisis management in the 21st century."
 spain.306.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.307.t: "Brillant Arrow 2006"
 spain.307.d: "Specific exercise areas will be located in the North Sea, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Participating nations will mainly fly from bases in Belgium, Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands. The exercise will be conducted by Allied Air Component Command Headquarters Ramstein through its Air Operations Centres. BRILLIANT ARROW 2006 will involve air forces from thirteen member nations: Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. The exercise is designed to provide challenging and realistic training opportunities and team building for all participating units in a Crisis Response Operation scenario, with emphasis on NATO Response Force air operations. It will also provide an opportunity to verify the interoperability, mission execution and reporting capabilities of the Air Components of NATO’s Response Forces (NRF 7 and 8) that will be on standby from July 2006 to July 2007. This exercise is related to NATO exercise BRILLIANT MARINER 2006, taking place from 24 March to 6 April 20062006 in the German Bight, North Sea, Skagerak, Kattegat and adjacent territorial waters. It is conducted by the Allied Maritime Component Command Northwood, the United Kingdom. Both exercises are decisive steps on the road towards a NATO Response Force that has full operational capability."
 spain.307.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.308.t: "Noble Mariner, Noble Award and Kindred Sword 2007"
 spain.308.d: "The exercises – Noble Mariner, Noble Award and Kindred Sword – tested the ability of some 10,000 troops from 19 countries to conduct joint missions ranging from disaster relief and evacuation operations to full-scale military intervention. Over 150 ships, submarines and aircraft took part in the exercise and some 600 air missions were carried out. The NATO Response Force is a combined force of ships, aircraft and ground troops capable of responding to a range of crisis situations anywhere in the world at very short notice. It is based on a system of rotations,  with NATO member countries committing land, air, naval or special forces units to the NATO Response Force for a six-month period. Training is therefore an essential and it is through such testing exercises that the NRF is continuously ready for any mission NATO decision-makers choose to use it for."
 spain.308.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.309.t: "Uusimaa 2008"
 spain.309.d: "Teams from twenty-five Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council (EAPC) nations will participate in the exercise: Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Estonia, Finland, Georgia, Germany, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Ukraine, United Kingdom and United States. All together, approximately 1100 participants with capabilities to deal with different aspects of emergencies, including experts with staff officer assignments, will take part in the event. Some 150 observers are also expected. “UUSIMAA” will allow NATO and Partner countries to practice disaster response mechanisms and capabilities and to enhance co-operation in emergency situations. The fictitious scenario for the exercise will be flooding and storms along the coastline of the Gulf of Finland. According to the scenario, water levels will rise during the spring and the storms will damage critical infrastructure objects. There will be also Chemical, Biological and  Radiological  threat simulations. Through this exercise, NATO and Partner nations will practice the Euro-Atlantic Disaster Response Coordination Centre (EADRCC) procedures and Euro-Atlantic Response Unit (EADRU) capabilities, in order to improve EAPC nations’ ability to respond to a disaster. The exercise will also contribute to strengthening the stricken nation’s capability to effectively coordinate consequence management operations. The exercise “UUSIMAA 2008” is a Finnish contribution to the Partnership for Peace  Programme for 2008. Since 2000, this is the eighth field exercise conducted by the EADRCC. During the exercise, a celebration is planned to mark the 10th anniversary of the EADRCC. "
 spain.309.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.310.t: "Loyal Arrow 2009"
 spain.310.d: "Ten NATO and non-NATO nations participate in the aerial exercise Loyal Arrow 2009 in Sweden from 8 to 18 June 2009. Some 50 fast jets, NATO Airborne Warning and Control (AWACS) aircraft, as well as other transport planes and helicopters will be involved in training selected units of the NATO Response Force in the coordination and conduct of air operations."
 spain.310.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.311.t: "Brilliant Mariner 2010"
 spain.311.d: "The ships and submarines will take part in integration training that will enable them to respond to operations or crisis situations anywhere in the world if required. The exercise, which will end on 22 April 2010, will be operating in Northern European waters and airspace. Six thousand five hundred military personnel from 10 NATO nations (France as Maritime commander, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain, United Kingdom and United States) are taking part in the exercise, together with one Partnership for Peace country (Sweden). The exercise involves 31 warships (including an aircraft carrier, frigates, tankers and mine counter measure vessels), 4 submarines and 28 aircraft. The maritime forces departed from Wilhemshaven, Eckenförde and Cuxhaven in Germany early Monday morning. As part of the exercise, NATO’s Mine Countermeasures Group, comprising a dozen vessels, navigated the Kiel Canal to the southern Kattegat to conduct mine clearance and ordnance disposal operations. Exercise Brilliant Mariner is coordinated by the Allied Maritime Command, based in Northwood, London. The response force is faced with a realistic scenario presenting a number of challenges for the commanders at sea, including asymmetric or terrorist threats, maritime security operations and embargo operations."
 spain.311.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.312.t: "Cyber Coalition 2011"
 spain.312.d: "The exercise was based  on a fictitious crisis in which all participant nations had to deal with simulated  cyber attacks. The scenario of the exercise required action, coordination and collaboration from cyber defence specialists and management bodies. A total of 23 NATO and six partner nations nations were involved in the exercise. “I am delighted to see so many participants joining us for NATO’s major annual cyber coalition exercise”, Assistant Secretary General for Emerging Security Challenges, Ambassador Gabor Iklody said. “The number of players and observers is growing every year. This demonstrates the high importance that Allies and partners attach to achieving better protection against rapidly increasing cyber threats and also confirms NATO’s recognition as a key player in cyber defence”. Around 100 specialists took part in the exercise from locations in the Alliance’s SHAPE Headquarters in Mons and the NATO Headquarters in Brussels. A similar number of national experts participated from national cyber defence facilities in their respective countries. “Effective cyber defence requires us to continually test and improve our crisis management and decision-making procedures. This exercise was a great opportunity to promote the practical implementation of NATO’s new Cyber Defence Policy adopted last June”, Assistant Secretary General for Emerging Security Challenges, Ambassador Gabor Iklody said. The exercise also offered an opportunity to check technical and operational responsibilities and to look into the needs for collaboration between NATO and partner nations. The European Union participated in the exercise with an observer role."
 spain.312.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.313.t: "Exercise Dynamic Mix 2012"
 spain.313.d: "A major training exercise involving forces from 14 NATO countries is taking place in the Mediterranean region from 20 May to 10 June. Dynamic Mix 2000 is designed to improve the Southern Region's capability to implement NATO's strategy and to deal simultaneously with crisis and humanitarian operations. Exercises are therefore taking place concurrently in more than one location, with many countries participating in different aspects of the same exercise. Italy, Greece and Turkey are hosting this multi-phase, multi-force exercise involving approximately 15,000 troops, 65 ships and 290 aircraft, as well as most NATO Headquarters in the Southern Region, under the direction and co-ordination of the Commander-in-Chief, Allied Forces Southern Europe (CINCSOUTH). The exercise will help participants improve interoperability and practise training for humanitarian operations, deployment, re-deployment, integrated communications, and amphibious, land, sea and air activity. The military command, AFSOUTH, based in Naples is focusing on promoting stability and preventing conflict through dialogue, port visits, cooperation and exercises such as this. Dynamic Mix 2000 is scheduled to be held every other year. This year marks the first exercise with NATO's new structure, including the new Joint Headquarters SOUTHCENTRE in Larissa as well as COMSTRIKFORSOUTH acting as the Regional Reaction Force Commander. It will also involve the new Combined Air Operations Centres. Activated last September, these Centres and their organisation streamline and improve command and control of NATO air assets throughout the Southern Region."
 spain.313.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.314.t: "Steadfast Jazz 2013"
 spain.314.d: "“Steadfast Jazz” involves air, land, maritime and special forces components. The exercise also involves military headquarters staff from NATO’s Joint Force Command Brunssum, which will have to be certified to lead the NATO Response Force next year . All 28 NATO Allies, as well as Finland, Sweden and Ukraine are taking part in the exercise. Around 3,000 of the troops involved will participate in live exercise training and 3,000 headquarters personnel will be involved in a command and control drill. “Steadfast Jazz” is part of a series of dynamic and demanding exercises that have been organised this year for the NRF. As the operational tempo is expected to decrease after the combat mission in Afghanistan is completed at the end of 2014, NATO will step up training to maintain readiness and interoperability. The Alliance has ambitious goals to increase training activities. These include more ambitious and frequent exercises, a broader range of scenarios and a comprehensive training plan to cover the full range of Alliance missions. NATO Defence Ministers at their meeting on 22 October, agreed to move forward on plans for a broader concept for training and exercises up to 2020 as part of the Connected Forces Initiative. “Steadfast Jazz” will run from 2 to 9 November 2013."
 spain.314.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.315.t: "Kevadtorm 2014"
 spain.315.d: "Around 6,000 troops from Belgium, Denmark, Estonia, France, Spain, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, the United Kingdom and the United States are participating in the exercise which will run until 23 May. The exercise is based on a fictitious scenario and involves participating Allied forces repelling an attack on Estonia. The participants were already in Estonia as of 5 May, taking part in the annual Estonian-led “Kevadtorm14” exercise which has now merged into the NATO-led event. Participating units include infantry and reconnaissance forces, engineers, fighter jets as well as anti-aircraft teams and a cyber security team. The North Atlantic Council on 16 April 2014 agreed on a package of extra military measures to reinforce the Alliance’s collective defence in wake of the crisis in Ukraine. These measures include enhanced exercises, updated defence plans and appropriate deployments."
 spain.315.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.316.t: "Trident Junction 2015"
 spain.316.d: "The exercise involves 36,000 personnel from more than 30 Allied and Partner Nations, will take place throughout Italy, Portugal, Spain, the Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea and also Canada, Norway, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands. Trident Juncture 2015 will demonstrate NATO’s new increased level of ambition in joint modern warfare and will show-case a capable, forward-leading Alliance equipped with the appropriate capability and capacity to meet present and future security challenges. More than 12 major International Organizations, aid agencies and non-governmental organisations, such as the EU and AU will also participate in the exercise, demonstrating NATO’s commitment and contribution to a comprehensive approach. As the culminating event for units, military and civilian staff belonging to more than 30 participating Nations, Trident Juncture 2015 will provide an opportunity for them to refine their operational capabilities. Air, Land, Maritime, and Special Forces will participate simultaneously in several locations and from different Headquarters to train in a complex environment to improve Alliance’s full spectrum capabilities. At the conclusion of Trident Juncture 2015, the Headquarters Staff from Joint Force Command Brunssum will be officially certified to lead the NATO Response Force, if activated, throughout 2016."
 spain.316.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.317.t: "Enhanced Forward Presence"
 spain.317.d: "The Heads of State and Governments of the Atlantic Alliance, in the last Varsovia Summit, have agreed to develop the Wales agreements putting in place a planned response that adapts to the challenges coming from the East and the South. As part of the response and with the aim of increasing deterrents in the East Wing of the Alliance, NATO has designed an Enhanced Forward Presence, respecting the NATO-Russia Foundation Act, and which is classified by means of an allied territory approved at the Wales Summit and defined at the Varsovia Summit. The Enhanced Forward Presence is of defensive and multinational nature, founded on voluntary contributions. It is inter-operational and will have the ability to deploy in the Baltic countries and Poland. The eFP organisation has been established by 4 Battle Groups (BG) led by the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and Canada. Spain’s participation will be in the BG led by Canada and deployed in Latvia. The first contingent will be made up of members from the 11th ‘Extremadura’ Brigade (with headquarters in Badajoz and San Sebastián) and the Logistics Unit/Logistics Support NSE nº 61 (Valladolid). The manoeuvre unit has been organised based on a Mechanised Battle Group made up of units with combat tanks, Leopardo 2E and Pizarro infantry combat vehicles as well as M-113 armoured personnel carriers, which allows the completion of the assigned missions."
 spain.317.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.318.t: "Brilliant Jump 2016"
 spain.318.d: "In the deployment exercise (DeployEx) Brilliant Jump 2016 will participate more than 2,100 soldiers from Albania, Spain, Poland and the United Kingdom, of which more than 1,300 are Spanish, and will be held in Poland from 17 to 27 May 2016. The Brilliant Jump 2016 exercise DeployEx is the third in a series of four exercises to be held in Poland - following the alert phase of Brilliant Jump and the Trident Joust exercise, both in April 2016, and precedes the Brilliant Capability exercise 29 May-3 June), all designed to demonstrate the concept of the NATO Preparedness Action Plan (RAP) as one of the most important tangible results of the NATO Summit in Wales in 2014 Of the forthcoming Summit to be held in Warsaw on 8 and 9 July."
 spain.318.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.319.t: "Noble Jump 2017"
 spain.319.d: "Forces from a number of NATO countries are preparing to deploy significant numbers of soldiers, vehicles and helicopters to Romania later in the year to test the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VJTF) concept. Around 4000 troops from 9 NATO countries will make the journey to the CINCU training area towards the end of May, coming from bases in the UK, Germany, The Netherlands, Spain, Poland, Norway, Albania, Bulgaria and Romania.  They will mostly arrive by air, with the heavy equipment coming by sea or rail. Exercise Noble Jump is a major logistical challenge that will test the ability of all the participants to deliver a significant fighting force to wherever it is needed. Before the troops move, they have to be alerted, and this process is now taking place throughout the troop contributing nations. Using a pre-planned process, NATO’s military headquarters contacts the member states’ MODs and formerly requests that they move their high readiness troops. The VJTF is kept on short notice to move and is able to deploy a powerful well trained force within days to prevent aggression succeeding.  This year, it is being led by the UK’s 20 Armoured Brigade. Lieutenant General Alain Parent, Deputy Commander of Joint Force Command Naples, which has command of the NATO Response Force in 2017 said "Noble Jump is a key milestone for us this year. It is our first major exercise that will see significant forces and their equipment moving across Europe and will provide an opportunity for us to demonstrate that we are able to quickly deploy forces to wherever they are needed to prevent conflict.” He added "The Alert phase of the exercise is a key drill which we need to practice to ensure that our procedures are correct and I’m pleased to be able to say that it has gone very smoothly”."
 spain.319.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.320.t: "Trident Junction 2018"
 spain.320.d: "​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​One of NATO's key goals is to increase the level of exercising. In February 2015, NATO accepted Norway's offer to host Trident Juncture 2018. This will be a major, high-visibility exercise in the Alliance's northernmost area. As NATO's military action in Afghanistan winds down, it is important for the Alliance to keep up its military cooperation, and continue integrating the skills and the experience it gained during many years of joint ISAF operations in Afghanistan.​ To achieve this, NATO has initiated a new high-visibility exercise called Trident Juncture, held every third year. It is one of the largest exercises in the Alliance. The first exercise took place ​in Portugal, Spain and Italy from 3 October to 6 November 2015. Around 36,000 soldiers and other personnel from over 30 nations took part in the exercise. The next Trident Juncture will be held in Central Norway in 2018 and is expected to be of the same size. Norway has a long tradition of hosting major allied and multinational mil​​itary exercises. Trident Juncture 2018 will consist of a live exercise in October ​and November and a Command Post Exercise in November 2018."
 spain.320.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.321.t: "Dynamic Mongoose 2019"
 spain.321.d: "More than a dozen surface vessels and four submarines are participating in the annual "Dynamic Mongoose" exercise. Ten Allies are joined this year for the first time by NATO partner Sweden. The event, which is expected to last two weeks, will allow ships under NATO command to conduct a variety of anti-submarine warfare operations. "It will allow us to exercise our anti-submarine warfare capabilities in a complex and challenging environment," said Rear Admiral Brad Williamson, Commander of Standing NATO Maritime Group. The submarines will take turns trying to approach and target the ships undetected, simulating an attack. "The presence of NATO in Norwegian waters will enhance interoperability and will allow NATO to familiarize with Norwegian waters," said Commodore Ole Morten Sandquist, Commander of the Norwegian fleet. Submarines from Germany, Norway, Sweden and the United States are taking part along with 13 surface ships from Canada, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Two research vessels – one Norwegian and one NATO-owned – are also participating. Norway, as the host nation, is providing support from the Haakonsvern Naval Base and the Sola Air Base, both of which are located near Bergen. France and Germany are also providing maritime patrol aircraft for the exercise."
 spain.321.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.322.t: "Cyber ​​Coalition 2020"
 spain.322.d: "Around 600 cyber defenders from across the Alliance and partner nations are taking part in this year’s “Cyber Coalition 2020” exercise which runs from 16-20 November at the Alliance’s Cyber Range in Tartu, Estonia and at locations in other participating nations. The five-day training event will test the ability of Allies and partners to defend their networks from a series of complex security challenges. “As cyber threats evolve, so too must our cyber defences. Our technology can only be as effective as our people and processes,” said Ambassador Sorin Ducaru, NATO Assistant Secretary General for Emerging Security Challenges. This is the third time that Estonia hosts the exercise. The aim is to drill procedures and rapid coordination between national experts in their ability to handle a series of scenarios that increase in complexity during the exercise. Using a controlled virtual environment all participants are presented with storylines which involve specific threats such as mobile malware and spyware or the hacking of specific networks. Management of the exercise is coordinated by a small group of experts in Tartu, Estonia, but the exercise also involves experts participating from dozens of other locations. Representatives from seven partner nations are either participating or observing, including Austria, Ireland, Finland, and Sweden. Georgia, Japan and Jordan are taking part for the first time. Cyber defence staff from the European Union and representatives from academia and industry have also been invited as observers. “Cyber Coalition demonstrates NATO and Allies in action – together with our partner nations, the European Union, and industry – to enhance information sharing and collaboration and respond more effectively to rapidly evolving cyber threats,” said Ambassador Ducaru. “None of us can be as strong as all of us acting together against these threats.”"
 spain.322.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.323.t: "Trident Junction 2021"
 spain.323.d: "One of NATO's key goals is to increase the level of exercising. In February 2018, NATO accepted Poland's offer to host Trident Juncture 2021. This will be a major, high-visibility exercise in the Alliance's easrthernmost area. As NATO's military action in Afghanistan winds down, it is important for the Alliance to keep up its military cooperation, and continue integrating the skills and the experience it gained during many years of joint ISAF operations in Afghanistan.​ To achieve this, NATO has initiated a new high-visibility exercise called Trident Juncture, held every third year. It is one of the largest exercises in the Alliance. The first exercise took place ​in Portugal, Spain and Italy from 3 October to 6 November 2015. Around 36,000 soldiers and other personnel from over 30 nations took part in the exercise. The second exercise took place ​in Central Norway from 25 October to 23 November 2018. Around 46,000 soldiers and other personnel from over 30 nations took part in the exercise.. The next Trident Juncture will be held in Poland in 2021 and is expected to be of the same size. Trident Juncture 2021 will consist of a live exercise in October ​and November and a Command Post Exercise in November 2021."
 spain.323.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.324.t: "Correlation of forces"
 spain.324.d: "For the Communists, war is a manifestation of the class struggle. It is an expression of the conflict between the "progressive forces of socialism" and the "reactionary forces of imperialist capitalism," which they believe will ultimately be resolved in favor of socialism. The Communist concept of war represents a continuation of politics. In Western perceptions, war occurs when politics fails to resolve conflicts nonviolently. Communists feel that war is the least desirable method by which the forces of history will move toward full victory for socialism. Communist political and military theorists compare the socialist and capitalist fields with a concept called "correlation of forces." This concept compares the relative political, moral, economic and military forces of both sides. In the communist vision, the correlation of forces has changed in favor of the capitalist camp. The Marxist-Leninist ideology requires that the correlation continually change in favor of socialism. The correlation of forces can be promoted by both violent and non-violent means. When it is advanced by violent means, the military component of the correlation is the dominant factor."
 spain.324.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.325.t: "Total People's Defense"
 spain.325.d: "With the promulgation of the National Defense Law, Spain has adopted a total military doctrine of war called Total People's Defense (DTP). Inspired by the wars of popular liberation against the fascist occupiers and their collaborators in the different warlike conflicts and it has been designed to allow Spain to maintain or eventually reestablish its independent state if an invasion occurs. Any citizen who resists an aggressor is a member of the armed forces, so the whole population could become an army of monolithic resistance. From primary education, secondary schools, universities, organizations and enterprises, the authorities prepare the entire population to challenge a possible occupation of the country and finally to release it. To this end, the Territorial Defense Forces (FDT) would be formed to mobilize the population in case of aggression. Preparation for FDT combat means that steps of organization and training could be avoided after the outbreak of hostilities. The Territorial Defense Forces would complement the regular Armed Forces of the Republic, giving it greater defensive depth and an armed local population willing to support combat actions. A large number of armed civilians would increase the cost of an invasion of a potential aggressor. The most likely scenario in the DTP doctrine is a general war between NATO and the CSTO. In such a situation, Spain would remain non-aligned, and would not accept foreign troops from any of the alliances in its territory. The doctrine recognizes the probability that one side or the other will try to appropriate the national territory as an advanced area, to secure lines of communication or simply to deny the territory to enemy forces. Such an action would be considered aggression and would be resisted. The occupiers would be considered the enemy of the Republic."
 spain.325.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.326.t: "Military Revolutionary Committee"
 spain.326.d: "In accordance with the directives of the Central Committee of the Communist Party, he is in charge of: Training of the Armed Forces, Development of the defense plans of the Republic, and presentation to the Central Committee. Direction of the military forces. Organization of supplies and supplies. Formation of the different levels of the military administration. Training and military training. Formation of major states. The Revolutionary Military Committee has complete independence in the resolution of immediate strategic needs."
 spain.326.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.327.t: "Political Commissars"
 spain.327.d: "The political commissars elected in the military centers of the party represent in the army the class will of the proletariat. These are the powers of the political commissars in the army cadres and in the communist cells of the different units. The communist nucleus of the army is a cell of the ruling party; The political commissariat is the delegate of the whole party. Hence his authority over communist units and cells. There is also his right of control over the command, directs the policy, controls the technician."
 spain.327.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.328.t: "Positive Heroism"
 spain.328.d: "The characteristics that distinguished the new socialist man, impregnated with the collectivist values, are the courage, the decision, the firmness, the deep knowledge of the technology that manages and the enterprising and competitive spirit. Heroes are people who are not afraid to break the rules and are willing to carry the responsibility in case of failure. In order to build such a culture the effort goes in two directions. First, perform facts that produce a sense of pride in the population. Second, to spread these facts, creating an ethic of heroism."
 spain.328.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.329.t: "Aviation Cult"
 spain.329.d: "The characteristics that distinguished the new socialist man, impregnated with the collectivist values, are the courage, the decision, the firmness, the deep knowledge of the technology that manages and the entrepreneurial and competitive spirit. Heroes are people who are not afraid to break the rules and who are willing to carry the responsibility in case of failure. In order to build such a culture the effort goes in two directions. First, perform facts that produce a sense of pride in the population. Second, to spread these facts, creating an ethic of heroism. Sample of this shows the advances in the field of aeronautics."
 spain.329.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.330.t: "Space Exploration"
 spain.330.d: "The characteristics that distinguished the new socialist man, impregnated with the collectivist values, are the courage, the decision, the firmness, the deep knowledge of the technology that manages and the entrepreneurial and competitive spirit. Heroes are people who are not afraid to break the rules and who are willing to carry the responsibility in case of failure. In order to build such a culture the effort goes in two directions. First, perform facts that produce a sense of pride in the population. Second, to spread these facts, creating an ethic of heroism. Sample of this shows the advances in the field of the exploration of the Cosmos."
 spain.330.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.336.t: "Counterintelligence Directorate"
 spain.336.d: "The Principal Directorate of Counterintelligence was an umbrella organization for three independent counterintelligence agencies in the People's Army of the Republic. The main reason for its creation was to subvert attempts by NATO forces and other foreign powers to infiltrate the army. The official statute lists the following tasks to be carried out by the organization: counterintelligence, anti-terrorism, prevention of any other foreign intelligence activity in the People's Army of the Republic; Combating "counterrevolutionary elements" in the People's Army of the Republic; Protection of the front lines against the penetration of spies and "counterrevolutionary elements"; Investigating traitors, deserters and self-harm in the People's Army of the Republic; And the control of military and civilian personnel returning from their captivity."
 spain.336.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.337.t: "Military Academy of the People's Army of the Republic"
 spain.337.d: "It establishes in Madrid the Military Academy of the People's Army of the Republic like the Academy of the General Staff. It is roughly the equivalent of the United States Army Command and Staff College in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas or the British Army Staff College, Camberley. Officials over twenty years of age up to thirty-two years in the rank of Captain or Major enter if they pass the entrance exams in competition. Higher academic courses are added to the curriculum as an advanced training program for graduates. Later this program became the basis of the "Staff Academy" and the Academy focuses on combined ground warfare training at the tactical level. Within the Academy are the chairs of the operational-tactical disciplines, Marxism-Leninism, the history of the PCE and the political work of the Party, the history of war and military art, foreign languages ​​and other topics and research sections Scientific library has about two million volumes of books. After graduation from the Academy, all graduate officers receive a diploma and a badge in the form of a silver star to be worn on the right side of their uniform or Civilian clothing above any other military or civilian decoration or ribbon bars."
 spain.337.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.338.t: "People's Commissariat of Defence Industry"
 spain.338.d: "The Commissariat of the People of Defense The industry of the RSS is one of the central offices of the Spanish Socialist Republic, equivalent to the ministry, that supervises the production of the defense industry."
 spain.338.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.339.t: "CIEMAT"
 spain.339.d: "The Center for Energy, Environmental and Technological Research (CIEMAT) is a Spanish public research organization of excellence in energy and environment, as well as in several cutting-edge technologies and in some areas of research. CIEMAT's activity is structured around research projects of a technological scope that serve as a bridge between R & D and its application to objectives of social interest."
 spain.339.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.340.t: "INTA"
 spain.340.d: "It conducts research projects, both alone and in combination with other state agencies, both national and international. He is responsible for the scientific satellite programs Intasat, 2 Minisat, Nanosat 01, Nanosat-1B and OPTOS, among others. From the rocket launch base, at its Arenosillo headquarters, it has worked with different types of suborbital rockets, such as INTA-300 and INTA-255. Between 1991 and 1999 he worked on the development of the satellite launching rocket Capricorn, which was finally abandoned."
 spain.340.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.341.t: "Guardia Real"
 spain.341.d: "The Royal Guard (Guardia Real) is an independent unit of the Spanish Armed Forces dedicated to the military protection of H.M. the King of Spain and the members of the Spanish Royal Family. It currently has a strength of 1,900 troops. While the guard does participate in parades and other ceremonial events, it is a fully functional combat unit. Its members are recruited from the ranks of all three branches of the Spanish Armed Forces and receive the same combat training as regular soldiers. The guard contains a diverse mix of units; a Royal Marines company from the Navy, a Paratroop company from the Air Force and an infantry company from the Army among others. Some units have served recently in Afghanistan and Bosnia. The history of the Royal Guard dates back to medieval times. The senior unit and one of the oldest body guards in the world is the Corps of Gentlemen of the Chamber, the "Monteros de Espinosa", dating to 1006 and created by Sancho Garcia of the House of Castile. In addition to the protection of the members of Spanish Royal Family, the present functions of the unit include protection of foreign Heads of State visiting to Spain and of royal palaces such as the Royal Palace of Madrid, the Palace of El Pardo, the Palacio de la Zarzuela."
 spain.341.o1: "Increase your staff"
 spain.342.t: "Independence of Basque Country"
 spain.342.d: "In a recent plebiscite on self-determination 59.1% of Basque voters voted for independence, compared with 75% unfavorable citizens of the rest of Spain. Following the Lehendakaritza, independence has been proclaimed unilaterally, being recognized as a sovereign nation by France and Germany, requesting their entry into NATO and the European Union, which have decided to grant him the status of "official candidate" to become a member Of the Union and of the Alliance."
 spain.342.o1: "¡Gora Euskadi Askatuta!"
 spain.343.t: "Independence of Catalonia"
 spain.343.d: "In a recent plebiscite on self-determination 55.5% of Catalan voters voted for independence, compared with 75% unfavorable citizens of the rest of Spain. The Estat Catalá has been unilaterally proclaimed by the Generalitat, being recognized as a sovereign nation by France and Germany, requesting their entry into NATO and the European Union, which have decided to grant it the status of "official candidate" To be a member of the Union and the Alliance."
 spain.343.o1: "¡Visca Catalunya Lluire!"
 spain.344.t: "Independence of Galicia"
 spain.344.d: "In a recent plebiscite on self-determination, 58.4% of Galician voters voted for independence, compared with 75% unfavorable citizens of the rest of Spain. Following the Xunta de Galicia, the Segunda República Galega was proclaimed unilaterally, being recognized as a sovereign nation by France and Germany, requesting their entry into NATO and the European Union, which have decided to grant it the status of "official candidate "To be a member of the Union and the Alliance."
 spain.344.o1: "¡Viva Galicia Ceibe!"
 spain.345.t: "Secular Education"
 spain.345.d: "Spain is the fourth country in Europe where less public school is in Secondary and the third in Primary. Specifically, 69% of Spanish secondary school students attend public schools (68% in Primary), a percentage that in the whole continent only beat Belgium, the United Kingdom and Malta, according to Eurostat data (those in the Netherlands are under review ). At the other extreme, countries like Ireland, Romania, Croatia, Germany or Finland exceed 90% of their students in public schools. Spain also ranks fourth in terms of the presence of schools (privately supported by public funds), which account for 28% of the state educational offer, both in Primary and Secondary schools. The remaining 3% study in a private center. This category replicates the public school table: Belgium, the United Kingdom and Malta are the countries with the most "privately dependent" government schools, as the European Union calls them. Among the main arguments put by the critics to the concerted school is that the Church controls about six out of ten centers of this type through Catholic Schools, reason why the State would be financing these entities. The rest belong to cooperatives or groups of different nature."
 spain.345.o1: "Public and Secular School"
 spain.345.o2: "Keep Private Schools"
 spain.346.t: "Collectivization of Agriculture"
 spain.346.d: "The passage of land, which is the private property of landlords and capitalists owned by the socialist state, not only constitutes a powerful blow against private property over the means of production, but also represents a step towards socialism."
 spain.346.o1: "Building the New Society"
 spain.347.t: "Reform of the "Law on Foreigners of Spain" Organic Law 4/2000"
 spain.347.d: "The law on foreigners is the name with which the Organic Law 4/2000, of January 11, on the Rights and Freedoms of Foreigners in Spain and its Social Integration, modified by LO 8/2000, 14/2003 and 2/2009. It is the Spanish rule that regulates the entry and stay of non-EU foreigners in Spanish territory, as well as the rights and freedoms that are recognized. Its current Development Regulation was approved by Royal Decree 2393/2004 of 30 December. On 30 June 2011 it will be replaced by the new Development Regulation, approved by Royal Decree 557/2011, of 20 April (BOE of 30 April). The Law comprises seventy-one articles structured in five titles. The Preliminary Title contains general provisions and the others refer respectively to the rights and freedoms of foreigners, their legal regime, violations of aliens and the sanctioning procedure and coordination of public powers. Traditionally, Spain has been a country of emigration, so legislative production has focused on this area, while legislation relating to foreigners was fragmentary. The first attempt to alleviate this occurred with Organic Law 7/1985, of 1 July, on the Rights and Freedoms of Foreigners, which was strongly criticized1 for its police treatment of the migratory phenomenon, its restrictive regulation on the rights of Foreigners and the poor legal technique that showed. Spain, which was soon to join the then European Community, tried to avoid becoming the gateway to the continent: some social organizations denounced that it was the hardest norm in Europe. The Law was the subject of an unconstitutionality appeal, settled by Constitutional Court Judgment 115/1987, of July 7, which overturned several precepts of the norm and marked a change of constitutional doctrine regarding foreigners towards a more progressive line. The deficiencies of the Law and the transformation of the migratory phenomenon in Spain at the end of the 1980s and in the 1990s showed the need for a new law adapted to the circumstances, favoring immigration in order to reduce the labor force by increasing Their available number. Since 2000, Spain has exhibited one of the highest annual immigration rates in the world (three to four times higher than the average rate in the United States, eight times more than in France, and in 2005 it was only surpassed in relative terms In the European continent by Cyprus and Andorra.)"
 spain.347.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.348.t: "African Immigration"
 spain.348.d: "In 2004 was recorded the first assault to the fence, in Melilla. Since then, the pressure on the border of Ceuta and Melilla has registered multiple variations. 2005 was a critical year and gave rise to what was called "crisis of the fences". That year, more than 5,500 immigrants accessed Spanish territory through the fences of Ceuta and Melilla, and attempts were made to mass assault with several groups of up to 600 immigrants jumping simultaneously. However, 2006 was the year of the so-called "cayucos crisis". The Spanish coasts were overflowed with the arrival of 39,180 irregular, mainly Canaries. For a long time the Moroccans constituted the first important foreign community, around one million, but in 2007 (which has experienced a setback in recent years due to the granting of Spanish nationality to tens of thousands of Moroccan citizens) became the Second largest community after Romanians. Moroccans have spread throughout the national territory. Sub-Saharan immigration in Spain was always quantitatively very limited. This situation began to change in the 1990s, when a greater influx of Africans from southern Sahara began to arrive in Melilla. In January 1998, some 36,000 people were born in sub-Saharan Africa, but it would not be until the years after the 1996 regularization of the first "boom" of sub-Saharan immigration and its access to the Spanish labor market, Which will focus mainly on sectors such as agriculture, construction, services and street commerce, sectors characterized by low wages and precarious employment conditions. Between January 1998 and January 2003, the arrival of sub-Saharan immigrants has tripled to 110,000. In 2010 the figure is 237 309 and all the variables indicate a trend towards the diversification of the countries of origin. Irregularity and family reunification have been the most widely used forms of access to Spain, which means that the first years in Spain are characterized by precariousness and access to the informal labor market."
 spain.348.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.349.t: "Repeal of Organic Law 4/2000 "Law on Foreigners of Spain""
 spain.349.d: "The repeal of Organic Law 4/2000 "Aliens Law of Spain", which favors irregular immigration, has entered into force Organic Law 7/1985, of 1 July, on the Rights and Freedoms of foreigners, the Which orders the flow of immigrants to national interests."
 spain.349.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.350.t: "Abdication of Juan Carlos I"
 spain.350.d: "The abdication of Juan Carlos I was announced on Monday, June 2, 2014 and became effective on June 19, when Organic Law 3/2014, of June 18, was published, which regulates the abdication in the Official Gazette of the State, approved by the Cortes Generales in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution. This is the seventh abdication of a king of Spain - fourth if you consider monarchs who were on the throne and did so on a voluntary basis. The organic law approved by the Cortes was sanctioned by the king Juan Carlos I and endorsed by the president of the Government. The act of signing the rule occurred on June 18 at 18:0 hours in the Hall of Columns of the Royal Palace in Madrid and the publication took place on the 19th at 00:0 hours, when it became effective The abdication and the prince of Asturias happened to be the new king. Juan Carlos I will hold the dignity of "king" for life and will perform exclusively the functions assigned by his successor, proclaimed King of Spain with the name of Felipe VI on June 19, at a ceremony in the Palace of the Cortes. The document in which the King formalized the abdication of the Crown, made public by the Royal House a few minutes after the institutional declaration, read: «For the constitutional purposes, I attach the letter that I read, sign and deliver to the President of the Government In this act, by which I communicate to you my decision to abdicate the Crown of Spain. The king of Spain. Don Juan Carlos I of Bourbon.»"
 spain.350.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!¡Viva España!"
 spain.351.t: "Proclamation Felipe VI"
 spain.351.d: "The proclamation of King Felipe VI, which took place on Thursday, June 19, 2014, was the solemn act in which the King of Spain, before the Cortes Generales, took an oath to perform the functions assigned to him by the Constitution, to keep And enforce legal standards and respect the rights of citizens and Spanish nationalities and regions. The kings Felipe and Letizia, together with their daughters, the princess of Asturias and the infanta Sofía, drove from the complex of the Zarzuela to the Palace of the Cortes. The entourage, led by the maceros of the Cortes, entered the building through the Puerta de los Leones, which opens only on special and solemn occasions. The president of the lower house proceeded to take the oath of Felipe VI, who pronounced the following words: I swear to faithfully carry out my duties, to keep and to keep the Constitution and laws and to respect the rights of citizens and autonomous communities. At that time the new king was proclaimed, the corresponding vows were made to the king and to Spain and the chords of the national anthem were interpreted. In compliance with the Constitution, King Felipe of Bourbon and Greece will be proclaimed King of Spain, who will reign under the name of Felipe VI. Long live the king! Long live Spain!."
 spain.351.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!¡Viva España!"
 spain.352.t: "Death of Juan Carlos I"
 spain.352.d: "The corpse of King Juan Carlos I already rests in the Monastery of El Escorial, it is time to celebrate the state funeral. The solemn funeral will take place in the Cathedral of the Almudena. In the center of the nave was the royal tomb-two bodies and two meters high-which was covered with black velvet cloths embroidered with gold. At the head of the tomb, on a velvet cushion, were the insignia of the monarchy and on the sides the robes of the Military Orders and of Charles III. At the foot of the tomb more than a hundred crowns of flowers sent by those attending the ceremony. The tomb was surrounded by a triple row of yellow blandons and four candlesticks at the corners. Guards were assembled from the Royal Guard Corps, with a halberd in black crepe."
 spain.352.o1: "¡El Rey ha muerto!¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.353.t: "Death of Enrique V"
 spain.353.d: "The corpse of King Enrique V already rests in the Monastery of El Escorial, it is time to celebrate the state funeral. The solemn funeral will take place in the Cathedral of the Almudena. In the center of the nave was the royal tomb-two bodies and two meters high-which was covered with black velvet cloths embroidered with gold. At the head of the tomb, on a velvet cushion, were the insignia of the monarchy and on the sides the robes of the Military Orders and of Charles III. At the foot of the tomb more than a hundred crowns of flowers sent by those attending the ceremony. The tomb was surrounded by a triple row of yellow blandons and four candlesticks at the corners. Guards were assembled from the Royal Guard Corps, with a halberd in black crepe."
 spain.353.o1: "¡El Rey ha muerto!¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.354.t: "Proclamation Carlos VIII"
 spain.354.d: "The enthronement of Carlos VIII took place in three acts. In the first place Her Majesty next to the Queen Dona Astrid of Belgium and its children, the Prince of Asturias Carlos and the infants Joaquin, Maria Laura, Luisa Maria and Leticia Maria, was proclaimed like sovereign in the Royal Palace to the death of Enrique V , The proclamations were read and the royal banner was lifted. Second in a ceremony in the monastery of San Jerónimo el Real, where the Castilian procurators swore to him and recognized him like king. A year later, His Majesty Charles VIII went to Zaragoza to be a juror in the Aragonese court, then going to Pamplona, to be equally sworn by the Navarre court."
 spain.354.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!¡Viva las Españas!"
 spain.355.t: "Assassination of Carlos VIII"
 spain.355.d: "Last October 12, National Day of Spain, during the traditional parade of the Armed Forces terrorist elements perpetrated an action against the figure of His Majesty the King, being seriously wounded next to several Authorities that accompanied him in the Real Stage, later dying of the severity of the injuries received. The corpse of King Carlos VIII is already in the Monastery of El Escorial, it is time to celebrate the state funeral. The solemn funeral will take place in the Cathedral of the Almudena. In the center of the nave was the royal tomb-two bodies and two meters high-which was covered with black velvet cloths embroidered with gold. At the head of the tomb, on a velvet cushion, were the insignia of the monarchy and on the sides the robes of the Military Orders and of Charles III. At the foot of the tomb more than a hundred crowns of flowers sent by those attending the ceremony. The tomb was surrounded by a triple row of yellow blandons and four candlesticks at the corners. Guards were assembled from the Royal Guard Corps, with a halberd in black crepe."
 spain.355.o1: "¡El Rey ha muerto!¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.356.t: "Proclamation Carlos IX"
 spain.356.d: "The enthronement of Carlos IX took place in three acts. In the first place Her Majesty with her mother Queen Doña Astrid of Belgium and her brothers, the infants Joaquin, Maria Laura, Luisa Maria and Leticia Maria, was proclaimed as sovereign in the Royal Palace at the death of Carlos VIII, read the Proclaimed and the royal banner lifted. Second in a ceremony in the monastery of San Jerónimo el Real, where the Castilian procurators swore to him and recognized him like king. A year later, His Majesty Charles IX went to Zaragoza to be a juror in the Aragonese court, then to Pamplona, to be equally sworn by the Navarre court."
 spain.356.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!¡Viva las Españas!"
 spain.357.t: "Enlargement of the EU Free Trade Agreement with Mercosur"
 spain.357.d: "Mercosur was established in 1991 and encompasses Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and Venezuela, which officially joined in July 2012. In December 2012, the Protocol of Accession of Bolivia to Mercosur was signed. This Protocol is pending ratification by all Parliaments in Mercosur countries. The EU has bilateral association and cooperation agreements through Spain with most Ibero-American countries."
 spain.357.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.358.t: "Spain demands immediate annexation!"
 spain.358.d: "An outrageous demand has just reached us, Spain asks for our immediate annexation! The nation is ready to face war with Spain, but many lives could be lost, and the possibilities that our country will win the war are few... What should we do?"
 spain.358.o1: "Looks like we are all Spanish now..."
 spain.358.o2: "Outrageous Demands! The International community will surely back us."
 spain.359.t: "[From.GetName] accept to be annexed!"
 spain.359.d: "[From.GetName] has decided to accept our requests, they are now part of the Spanish State."
 spain.359.o1: "Excellent."
 spain.360.t: "[From.GetName] refuses to be annexed!"
 spain.360.d: "[From.GetName] has decided not to accept our requests..."
 spain.360.o1: "[From.GetName] is soon to be a wasteland then!"
 spain.361.t: ""
 spain.361.d: ""
 spain.361.o1: ""
 spain.362.t: "Protest against Privatizations"
 spain.362.d: "Thousands of people in Madrid - 800,000 according to the conveners, 40,000 according to the Government Delegation - have taken to the streets this Thursday called by the unions and social organizations to protest against the last adjustments of the Government in one of the most massive demonstrations that have lived the capital. As on other occasions, the march has gone back and forth between cries of general strike, but the songs and the banners of criticism have multiplied to the political class and to the banking."
 spain.362.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.363.t: "Horizon 2020"
 spain.363.d: "Horizon 2020 is the eighth framework programme funding research, technological development, and innovation. The programme's name has been modified to "Framework Programme for Research and Innovation". The framework programme is implemented by the European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, either by various internal directorate general (DGs), such as the directorate general for research and innovation or the directorate general for communications networks, content and Technology, or by executive agencies such as the Research Executive Agency (REA), the Executive Agency for SMEs (EASME), or the ERC Executive Agency (ERCEA). The framework programme's objective is to complete the European Research Area (ERA) by coordinating national research policies and pooling research funding in some areas to avoid duplication. Horizon 2020 itself is seen as a policy instrument to implement other high-level policy initiatives of the European Union, such as Europe 2020 and Innovation Union. The programme runs from 2014–20 and provides an estimated €80 billion of funding, an increase of 23 per cent on the previous phase."
 spain.363.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.364.t: "Horizon 2030"
 spain.364.d: "Horizon 2030 is the eighth framework programme funding research, technological development, and innovation. The programme's name has been modified to "Framework Programme for Research and Innovation". The framework programme is implemented by the European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, either by various internal directorate general (DGs), such as the directorate general for research and innovation or the directorate general for communications networks, content and Technology, or by executive agencies such as the Research Executive Agency (REA), the Executive Agency for SMEs (EASME), or the ERC Executive Agency (ERCEA). The framework programme's objective is to complete the European Research Area (ERA) by coordinating national research policies and pooling research funding in some areas to avoid duplication. Horizon 2020 itself is seen as a policy instrument to implement other high-level policy initiatives of the European Union, such as Europe 2020 and Innovation Union. The programme runs from 2014–20 and provides an estimated €120 billion of funding, an increase of 23 per cent on the previous phase."
 spain.364.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.365.t: "Initiatives of the CAME"
 spain.365.d: "It is a project of collaboration and political, social and economic complementarity between certain countries and the Republic of Spain, promoted initially by Spain as a counterpart to the Free Trade Agreements, promoted by the United States and other imperialist powers. The agreement is based on the creation of mechanisms that take advantage of the cooperative advantages between the different partner nations to compensate for the asymmetries between those countries. This is done through the cooperation of compensatory funds, aimed at correcting the intrinsic disabilities of member countries, and the implementation of the Council of Mutual Economic Assistance."
 spain.365.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.366.t: "Commercial Treaties with the CAME"
 spain.366.d: "The agreement would be beneficial for the economic growth of the nations that would integrate it, would greatly increase the economic freedom and would foment the creation of employment."
 spain.366.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.367.t: "Mining Treaties"
 spain.367.d: "Spanish companies have expressed their interest in operations in our nation. The exchange of goods between States would be governed by intergovernmental agreements in the long term and would be made on the basis of agreed fixed prices."
 spain.367.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.367.o2: "No more imperialist exploitation of our resources!"
 spain.368.t: "Oil Treaties"
 spain.368.d: "Spanish companies have expressed their interest in operations in our nation. The exchange of goods between States would be governed by intergovernmental agreements in the long term and would be made on the basis of agreed fixed prices."
 spain.368.o1: "Long live Solidarity among Peoples!"
 spain.368.o2: "No more imperialist exploitation of our resources!"
 spain.369.t: "Catalunya, nou estat d'Europa"
 spain.369.d: "The 2012 Catalan independence demonstration was a protest march which occurred in central Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain, on 11 September 2012 during the National Day of Catalonia. The protestors demanded the independence of Catalonia and its establishment as a sovereign state under the slogan "Catalonia, new state in Europe" (Catalan: "Catalunya, nou estat d'Europa"). It was organized by the Catalan National Assembly (ANC) and headed together with the Association of Municipalities for Independence as the final and the most prominent of a series of events known as "March towards Independence" (Catalan: "Marxa cap a la Independència") which began on 30 June 2012 in Lleida. The estimated number of participants ranges widely, from 600,000 people quoted by some media, statisticians such as Llorenç Badiella from the Autonomous University of Barcelona or the delegation of the Spanish government in Catalonia to 1.5 million according to Catalan public sources such as Barcelona's Municipal Police or Catalonia's Department of the Interior, with a maximum estimate of about 2 million according to the organizers. The city centre was crowded for hours and it was feared that the massive influx of people might bring the mobile phone network to a standstill. Many newspapers and other news agencies described it as a "historic" demonstration and considered it to be the biggest protest march ever held in Catalonia since the restoration of democracy in Spain, surpassing other major demonstrations, including the 2010 Catalan autonomy protest."
 spain.369.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.370.t: "Resolution for the right of self-determination"
 spain.370.d: "On September 27, 2012, the Catalan Parliament approved a resolution calling for the referendum on self-determination of Catalonia to be held during the tenth legislature of Catalonia autonomously "after the elections to the Catalan Parliament of 2012." The resolution was voted on later Of the general policy debate with the result of 84 votes in favor (CiU, ICV-EUiA, ERC, SI, plus two other deputies), 21 against (PPC and C's) and 25 abstentions (PSC). General of Catalonia, Artur Mas, declared in the speech before Parliament that the time had come for the people of Catalonia to exercise the right of self-determination."
 spain.370.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.371.t: "Declaration of Sovereignty"
 spain.371.d: "On January 23, 2013, the Parliament of Catalonia approved with 85 votes in favor, 41 against, 2 abstentions and 5 deputies who refused to vote on the "Declaration of Sovereignty and the right to decide of the People of Catalonia", stating that: In accordance with the majority will expressed democratically by the people of Catalonia, the Parliament of Catalonia agrees to make effective the exercise of the right to decide, so that the citizens of Catalonia can decide their collective political future according to the following principles: These are those of democratic legitimacy, transparency, dialogue, social cohesion, Europeanism, legality, Parliament's main role and participation, all preceded and legitimized by the one of sovereignty that reaffirms itself by saying that "the people of Catalonia have, for Reasons for democratic legitimacy, character of sovereign political and juridical subject ". CiU (50 deputies), ERC (21) and ICV-EUiA (13) supported the declaration of sovereignty. The PPC (19) and C's (9) opposed the proposal. Of the PSC deputies, 15 voted against and 5 did not vote despite being in the hemicycle, thus disobeying the orders of the party leadership to vote against the proposal. The CUP gave a "critical yes" vote with 1 vote in favor and 2 abstentions. On May 8, 2013, the Constitutional Court suspended this statement in a precautionary manner by admitting the challenge presented by the State's Lawyer, which considered it an "act of constituent power" and "an open challenge against the Constitution." Of March 2014, the Constitutional Court finally ruled that this declaration of sovereignty was "unconstitutional and null", and therefore did not support the holding of a referendum on self-determination in Catalonia.75 Nevertheless, the Government of the Generalitat minimized the impact of judgment."
 spain.371.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.372.t: "Advisory Council for the National Transition"
 spain.372.d: "The Advisory Council for the National Transition (in Catalan: Consell Assessor per a la Transició Nacional) is a body created by the Government of Catalonia in 2013 to advise the government on the national transition of Catalonia and achieving Catalan self-determination referendum. The main task of this body is to analyze the different factors to consider in the process of transition to an independent Catalonia. The CATN made a total of 18 reports which were published individually and jointly in the White Paper on the National Transition of Catalonia."
 spain.372.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.373.t: "Catalan Way"
 spain.373.d: "The Catalan Way (Catalan: Via Catalana), also known as the Catalan Way towards Independence (Catalan: Via Catalana cap a la Independència), was a 400-kilometre (250 mi) human chain in support of Catalan independence from Spain. It was organized by the Assemblea Nacional Catalana (ANC), and took place in Catalonia on 11 September 2013, which is the National Day of Catalonia. Catalonia's Department of the Interior estimated the number of participants at about 1.6 million. The protest was supported by 14 nongovernmental groups The human chain followed the ancient Via Augusta, from Le Perthus (France, Vallespir) up to Alcanar (Spain, Montsià). According to Carme Forcadell, president of the ANC, it was "a symbol of the unity of Catalan people to achieve national sovereignty". Plans for the Catalan Way were presented for the first time on 19 June 2013, at the Museu d'Història de Catalunya; the inspiration for these was the 1989 Baltic Way. The presentation included Henn Karits and Ülo Laanoja, two members of the organization which staged the Baltic Way. Three weeks before the event, more than 350,000 people had registered to participate. In total, the organizers mobilized about 1,500 buses and 30,000 volunteers to help organize the event."
 spain.373.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.374.t: "Diada de Catalunya 2014"
 spain.374.d: "On September 11, 2014, the Catalan National Assembly and Òmnium Cultural organized a rally on the Gran Vía and Diagonal avenue in Barcelona under the motto "Now it's Time, united by a new country", concentrates forming a " V "symbolizing the words" will, vote and victory ". A statistical calculation by Llorenç Badiella, head of the Applied Statistics Service of the University of Barcelona, ​​showed a figure of about 900,000 participants in the "V." The government delegation estimated the attendance of the concentration to 520 000 people , While the urban guard provided assistance to 1 800 000. The Catalan National Assembly, together with the Association of Municipalities for Independence, presented on September 15 to the Parliament of Catalonia 750,000 signatures in favor of Parliament declaring independence if the consultation can not be held on November 9. The campaign is based, according to its organizers, in claiming independence through the right of petition, contained in regional and state legislation."
 spain.374.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.375.t: "Consultation Law of the Parliament of Catalonia"
 spain.375.d: "After the rejection of the Congress of Deputies to the request of the assignment of the competition to convene and to hold referendums, the parties CIU-ERC support the parliamentary initiative to elaborate a Law of non-referential consultations with the political intention to facilitate a new legal framework Of queries. Thus began to prepare a new law of consultations to support the announcement announced for November 9, building a legal system alternative to that of a possible referendum. The government of Mariano Rajoy announced that it would appeal to the Constitutional Court for invading the powers of the State. In July 2014, the corresponding speech of the Catalan Parliament finalized the drafting of the project, which was scheduled for its vote in September. On September 19, the consultation law was approved by 106 votes in favor and 28 against in the plenary of the Parliament of Catalonia. It had the support of CiU, ERC, PSC, ICV and CUP, which accounted for 79% of the Representatives of the Parliament of Catalonia; While they stood against the PP and C's."
 spain.375.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.376.t: "Citizen Participation Process on the Political Future of Catalonia"
 spain.376.d: "A non-binding Catalan self-determination referendum, also known as the Citizen Participation Process on the Political Future of Catalonia, was held on Sunday, 9 November 2014, to gauge support on the political future of Catalonia. While also referred to as "Catalan independence referendum", the vote was rebranded as a "participation process" by the Government of Catalonia, after a "non-referendum popular consultation" on the same topic and for the same date had been suspended by the Constitutional Court of Spain. The ballot papers carried two questions: "Do you want Catalonia to become a State?" and "Do you want this State to be independent?" The second question could only be answered by those who had answered Yes to the first one. The Catalan government gave notice on 10 November, the day after voting, that 2,305,290 votes had been cast overall, but it did not provide a percentage figure for the turnout. Estimates for the turnout as published by the news media ranged from 37.0%, as given in The Economist and El País among others, to 41.6% as per the Catalan government's preliminary data. 80.8% of the cast votes supported the Yes-Yes option, 10.1% the Yes-No, 4.5% the No option, indicating that the poll was widely boycotted by Catalan voters who oppose independence."
 spain.376.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.377.t: "Call for "Plebiscite" Elections"
 spain.377.d: "On January 14, 2015, the president of the Generalitat of Catalonia announced at a press conference the advance of the regional elections for September 27, 2015 and that these would have a plebiscite on the independence of Catalonia. Although on 25 February the Constitutional Court unanimously upheld the unconstitutionality of the 9-N consultation, a month later, the Catalan National Assembly and the Catalan National Assembly and the Cultural Omnium, A unitary route of the Catalan sovereignty process which included a unilateral declaration of independence within 18 months, if the sovereign parties won the "plebiscitarian" elections scheduled for September 27 - "The programs of the sovereign candidates must make clear , As a first and prominent point, that voting them supposes a favorable statement to the independence of Catalonia ", they affirmed. The following day President Mariano Rajoy warned them that "no government of Spain is going to authorize the breaking of national sovereignty"."
 spain.377.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.378.t: "Catalan Independence Referendum"
 spain.378.d: "In June 2017 a referendum on Catalan independence was announced by the Government of Catalonia for 1 October 2017. The Catalan government’s decree officially calling the referendum is expected to be approved in the second half of August. The Government of Spain opposes any regional self-determination referendum, maintaining that the Spanish Constitution does not allow for a vote on the independence of any Spanish region while also deeming it as illegal without its consent; an interpretation also favoured by the not binding Catalan Statutory Guarantees Council. n the absence of constitutional grounds, the Catalan government invokes the right to self-determination for calling the referendum. However, the Council of Europe, when consulted by Carles Puigdemont, president of Catalan government, said that any referendum must be carried out “in full compliance with the constitution”. So far, the Catalan government has tried but failed to get international support; in particular, Spain’s European partners see Catalonia’s status as a strictly internal matter. The Catalan government plans to thwart legal action on behalf of the Spanish government by rushing a referendum law through its own parliament, by simple majority, in September declaring that it will then follow a "Catalan-only" legality (as opposed to the general Spanish one). Spain’s deputy prime minister, Soraya Saenz de Santamaria, has responded that the state will strike down the referendum law right after it is passed."
 spain.378.o1: "Catalonia: New European State"
 spain.379.t: "Independence of Catalonia"
 spain.379.d: "In the recent plebiscite on self-determination 43.5% of Catalan voters voted for independence. From then on the Generalitat has unilaterally proclaimed the Republic of Catalonia."
 spain.379.o1: "Visca la República Catalana!"
 spain.380.t: "Disputed Status of Gibraltar"
 spain.380.d: "The Spanish government has insisted that the dispute is completely bilateral and that those who live in the colony are English settlers. This principle was reflected in the resolution of the UN Decolonization Committee. Failure to accept the just demands of Spain will take more coercive measures."
 spain.380.o1: "Accept"
 spain.380.o2: "Refuse"
 spain.381.t: "United Kingdom accepts the claim"
 spain.381.d: "The Government of the United Kingdom accepts the claim made by Spain on Gibraltar. The British press strongly criticizes the decision of the executive to capitulate to Spain. The totality of the Gibraltarian population manifests itself against integration in Spain. On the part of Spain has moved to the area several military units to the area taking de facto territorial control, and already comments on the extent of mass deportation of English settlers to the United Kingdom by the Spanish authorities."
 spain.381.o1: "¡Gibraltar Español!"
 spain.382.t: "United Kingdom rejects complaint"
 spain.382.d: "The United Kingdom Government rejects the claim made by Spain on Gibraltar. The press and the British population support the decision of the executive to capitulate to Spain. The totality of the Gibraltarian population manifests itself against integration in Spain. On the part of both countries have moved to the zone diverse military units, at the moment there have been no armed incidents."
 spain.382.o1: "Rule, Britannia!"
 spain.383.t: "Claim to the Rights of the Throne"
 spain.383.d: "His Imperial and Royal Apostolic Majesty has proclaimed the just demand on the restoration of their kingdoms that were so rapturously taken from their ancestors."
 spain.383.o1: "Viribus Unitis"
 spain.384.t: "Restoration of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy"
 spain.384.d: "His Imperial and Royal Apostolic Majesty, Charles the First, By the Grace of God, Emperor of Austria, Apostolic King of Hungary, of this name the Fifth has restored the Austro-Hungarian monarchy."
 spain.384.o1: "Viribus Unitis"
 spain.385.t: "Spanish Territories of West Africa"
 spain.385.d: "Recently Spain has created the colony called Spanish Territories of West Africa that covers the continental coast between the rivers Draa and Gambia, and adjacent territories."
 spain.385.o1: "Heart of Darkness"
 spain.386.t: "Spanish Territories of the Gulf of Guinea"
 spain.386.d: "The Spanish colony in the Guinea region was established in 1778, by the Treaty of El Pardo between the Spanish Empire and the Kingdom of Portugal. Between 1778 and 1810, Spain administered the territory of Equatorial Guinea via its colonial Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, based in Buenos Aires (in present-day Argentina). From 1827 to 1843, the United Kingdom had a base on Bioko to combat the continuing Atlantic slave trade conducted by Spain and illegal traders. Based on an agreement with Spain in 1843, Britain moved its base to its own colony of Sierra Leone in West Africa. In 1844, on restoration of Spanish sovereignty, it became known as the "Territorios Españoles del Golfo de Guinea". Spain had never undertaken colonial settlement of the large area in the Bight of Biafra to which it had treaty rights. The French expanded their occupation at the expense of the area claimed by Spain. By the treaty of Paris in 1900, Spain was left with the continental enclave of Rio Muni, 26,000 km2 of the 300,000 stretching east to the Ubangi river, which the Spaniards had previously claimed. Recently Spain has created the colony called Spanish Territories of the Gulf of Guinea that includes the continental coast between the rivers Niger and Ogooué, and adjacent territories."
 spain.386.o1: "Heart of Darkness"
 spain.387.t: "Virreinato del Perú"
 spain.387.d: "The immense viceroyalty covered much of the territory of South America, including Panama. It remained outside him, as well as realengo, Venezuela and Brazil, that on the Atlantic Ocean, belonged to Portugal."
 spain.387.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.388.t: "Virreinato de Nueva España"
 spain.388.d: "The viceroyalty of New Spain was an integral territorial entity of the Spanish Empire, established in much of North America by the Crown during its dominion in the New World, between centuries XVI and XIX. It originated after the fall of Mexico-Tenochtitlán, main event of the conquest, which properly did not end until much later, as its territory continued to grow towards the north."
 spain.388.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.389.t: "Virreninato del Río de la Plata"
 spain.389.d: "The Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata (Spanish: Virreinato del Río de la Plata) was the last to be organized and also the shortest-lived of the Viceroyalties of the Spanish Empire in the Americas. The Viceroyalty was established in 1776 from several former Viceroyalty of Perú dependencies that mainly extended over the Río de la Plata Basin, roughly the present-day territories of Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay, extending inland from the Atlantic Coast. Buenos Aires, located on the western shore of the Río de la Plata estuary flowing into the Atlantic Ocean, opposite the Portuguese outpost of Colonia del Sacramento, was chosen as the capital. Usually considered one of the late Bourbon Reforms, the organization of this viceroyalty was motivated on both commercial grounds (Buenos Aires was by then a major spot for illegal trade), as well as on security concerns brought about by the growing interest of competing foreign powers in the area. The Spanish Crown wanted to protect its territory against Great Britain and the Kingdom of Portugal."
 spain.389.o1: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 spain.390.t: "Venezuelan Strategic Plan"
 spain.390.d: "The current government of Venezuela is at present a clear brake, and may be in the future a threat, to the interests of Spanish multinational companies, we must initiate a project to suppress that interference. As a first step we will finance the usual media to discredit its government and its policies, followed by the formation of political cadres adhering to our line to lead a growing opposition to the current regime."
 spain.390.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.391.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.391.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.391.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.392.t: "Freedom for Venezuela"
 spain.392.d: "Once the propaganda campaign and the opposition have been articulated, an economic war must begin, a shortage of basic products and, at the same time, the sabotage affecting services to the population, particularly the electricity system, must be maintained and increased. Blame the government for alleged inefficiencies and negligence."
 spain.392.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.393.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.393.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.393.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.394.t: "Freedom for Venezuela"
 spain.394.d: "To the above measures we must create crisis situations in the streets that facilitate the humanitarian intervention of NATO forces, with the support of the Government of Colombia. When possible, violence should result in death or injury."
 spain.394.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.395.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.395.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.395.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.396.t: "Freedom for Venezuela"
 spain.396.d: "Intensify the economic war with lockouts and stop economic activity, promote sanctions from the United Nations and the European Union to support the measures being developed."
 spain.396.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.397.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.397.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.397.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.398.t: "Freedom for Venezuela"
 spain.398.d: "The international community also has a responsibility to protect the people of Venezuela and respond urgently to their economic and humanitarian crisis. At present, Venezuela faces a terrible hyperinflation, which has caused a generalized shortage of basic supplies, including food. The number of deaths and massive arrests in response to peaceful protests are developing rapidly. The only solution to solve the crisis in Venezuela is a military intervention."
 spain.398.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.399.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.399.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.399.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.400.t: "Spanish Interests in Venezuela"
 spain.400.d: "Once freedom and democracy have been restored by humanitarian intervention, the dictator and his followers have been detained for prosecution. The interests of our multinationals are safe and expanding with new acquisitions. It is time to proceed to the distribution of the loot."
 spain.400.o1: "Freedom in Venezuela"
 spain.401.t: "Evo Presidente"
 spain.401.d: "With a turnout of 84.5%, the election saw Morales gain 53.7% of the vote, while Quiroga came second with 28.6%; Morales' was the first victory with an absolute majority in Bolivia for 40 years. Given that he was the sixth self-described leftist president to be elected in Latin America since 1998, his victory was identified as part of the broader regional pink tide. Becoming president elect, Morales was widely described as Bolivia's first indigenous leader, at a time when around 62% of the population identified as indigenous. This resulted in widespread excitement among the approximately 40 million indigenous people in the Americas, particularly those of Bolivia. However, his election caused concern among the country's wealthy and landowning classes, who feared state expropriation and nationalisation of their property, as well as far-right groups, who claimed it would spark a race war. He traveled to Cuba to spend time with Castro, before going to Venezuela, and then on tour to Europe, China, and South Africa; significantly, he avoided the U.S. In January 2006, Morales attended an indigenous spiritual ceremony at Tiwanaku where he was crowned Apu Mallku (Supreme Leader) of the Aymara, receiving gifts from indigenous peoples across Latin America. He thanked the goddess Pachamama for his victory and proclaimed that "With the unity of the people, we're going to end the colonial state and the neo-liberal model.""
 spain.401.o1: "The Gas is not for sale, dammit!"
 spain.402.t: "Bolivian Strategic Plan"
 spain.402.d: "The current government of Bolivia is at present a clear brake, and may be in the future a threat, to the interests of Spanish multinational companies, we must initiate a project to suppress that interference. As a first step we will finance the usual media to discredit its government and its policies, followed by the formation of political cadres adhering to our line to lead a growing opposition to the current regime."
 spain.402.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.403.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.403.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.403.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.404.t: "Freedom for Bolivia"
 spain.404.d: "Once the propaganda campaign and the opposition have been articulated, an economic war must begin, a shortage of basic products and, at the same time, the sabotage affecting services to the population, particularly the electricity system, must be maintained and increased. Blame the government for alleged inefficiencies and negligence."
 spain.404.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.405.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.405.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.405.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.406.t: "Freedom for Bolivia"
 spain.406.d: "To the above measures we must create crisis situations in the streets that facilitate the humanitarian intervention of NATO forces, with the support of the Government of Colombia. When possible, violence should result in death or injury."
 spain.406.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.407.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.407.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.407.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.408.t: "Freedom for Bolivia"
 spain.408.d: "Intensify the economic war with lockouts and stop economic activity, promote sanctions from the United Nations and the European Union to support the measures being developed."
 spain.408.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.409.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.409.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.409.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.410.t: "Freedom for Bolivia"
 spain.410.d: "The international community also has a responsibility to protect the people of Bolivia and respond urgently to their economic and humanitarian crisis. At present, Bolivia faces a terrible hyperinflation, which has caused a generalized shortage of basic supplies, including food. The number of deaths and massive arrests in response to peaceful protests are developing rapidly. The only solution to solve the crisis in Bolivia is a military intervention."
 spain.410.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.411.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.411.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.411.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.412.t: "Spanish Interests in Bolivia"
 spain.412.d: "Once freedom and democracy have been restored by humanitarian intervention, the dictator and his followers have been detained for prosecution. The interests of our multinationals are safe and expanding with new acquisitions. It is time to proceed to the distribution of the loot."
 spain.412.o1: "Freedom in Bolivia"
 spain.413.t: "Correa Presidente"
 spain.413.d: "Correa decided to campaign for the presidency in the 2006 presidential election, although at the time he was a largely unknown figure among the Ecuadorean public. Employing Vinicio Alvarado as his campaign manager, Correa's campaign emphasised his personality as a macho family man of modest origins who was angry with the country's political elites. During his campaign, he described himself as the head of "a citizen's revolution" against the established political parties and corrupt elites, and depicted himself as the leader of a second independence movement devoted to freeing Ecuador from American imperialism. Touring the country aboard a motorized caravan attending political rallies, he emphasized this opposition using campaign songs such as Twisted Sister's "We're Not Gonna Take It", as well as through the slogan "Se viene el correazo" ("Here comes a whipping"), a pun on the fact that "Correa" can be translated as whip. However, the Alianza PAIS movement signed a political alliance with the Ecuadorian Socialist Party, which did present candidates for Congress. On 31 July 2006, Alianza PAIS also signed a Programmatic Political Agreement with the Communist Party of Ecuador when Correa was postulated for candidate for president. Other parties that joined Alianza PAIS coalition in a runoff election included: Democratic People's Movement, Democratic Left, Pachakutik, and the Partido Roldista Ecuatoriano. In the October 2006 general election, Correa obtained second place (23%) behind banana tycoon Álvaro Noboa (27%). The situation led to a run-off election, in which Correa portrayed Noboa as an exploitative oligarch and Noboa portrayed Correa as a dangerous leftist with strong links to Venezuela. Correa won the subsequent November 2006 runoff election with 57% of the vote. Correa was the first leftist to assume the presidency since Ecuador's transition to representative democratic governance in 1979."
 spain.413.o1: "Here comes a whipping"
 spain.414.t: "Ecuatorian Strategic Plan"
 spain.414.d: "The current government of Ecuador is at present a clear brake, and may be in the future a threat, to the interests of Spanish multinational companies, we must initiate a project to suppress that interference. As a first step we will finance the usual media to discredit its government and its policies, followed by the formation of political cadres adhering to our line to lead a growing opposition to the current regime."
 spain.414.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.415.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.415.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.415.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.416.t: "Freedom for Ecuador"
 spain.416.d: "Once the propaganda campaign and the opposition have been articulated, an economic war must begin, a shortage of basic products and, at the same time, the sabotage affecting services to the population, particularly the electricity system, must be maintained and increased. Blame the government for alleged inefficiencies and negligence."
 spain.416.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.417.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.417.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.417.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.418.t: "Freedom for Ecuador"
 spain.418.d: "To the above measures we must create crisis situations in the streets that facilitate the humanitarian intervention of NATO forces, with the support of the Government of Colombia. When possible, violence should result in death or injury."
 spain.418.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.419.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.419.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.419.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.420.t: "Freedom for Ecuador"
 spain.420.d: "Intensify the economic war with lockouts and stop economic activity, promote sanctions from the United Nations and the European Union to support the measures being developed."
 spain.420.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.421.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.421.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.421.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.422.t: "Freedom for Ecuador"
 spain.422.d: "The international community also has a responsibility to protect the people of Ecuador and respond urgently to their economic and humanitarian crisis. At present, Ecuador faces a terrible hyperinflation, which has caused a generalized shortage of basic supplies, including food. The number of deaths and massive arrests in response to peaceful protests are developing rapidly. The only solution to solve the crisis in Ecuador is a military intervention."
 spain.422.o1: "Why don't you shut up?"
 spain.423.t: "Spanish Imperialist Aggression"
 spain.423.d: "The actions of Spain and its South American allies against our homeland have not ceased despite the government-sponsored peace and respect diplomacy. The recent events seem at first glance isolated incidents, the reality is that they are due to the international attacks against the government that seek to discredit the country and isolate it in the international arena. Latin America began an era in which the face of the continent changed and a whole wave of democracy and unity emerged; But a reaction was also launched against imperialism because imperialism could not stand idly by and started a continental counter-offensive to disrupt this unity. The President stressed that Latin America has raised its voice to repudiate interventionism in the framework of the celebration of Anti-imperialist Day. From early in the morning the citizens concentrated in the capital of that country in defense of the sovereignty and independence of the South American nation."
 spain.423.o1: "Against Imperialist Aggression ¡Venceremos!"
 spain.424.t: "Spanish Interests in Ecuador"
 spain.424.d: "Once freedom and democracy have been restored by humanitarian intervention, the dictator and his followers have been detained for prosecution. The interests of our multinationals are safe and expanding with new acquisitions. It is time to proceed to the distribution of the loot."
 spain.424.o1: "Freedom in Ecuador"
 spain.425.t: "Trio of the Azores"
 spain.425.d: "The Summit of the Azores was a meeting held in the Azores on March 16, 2003 by the presidents of the United States (Tony Blair), Spain (José María Aznar) and Portugal (José Manuel Aznar) Durão Barroso), who was also the host, prior to the invasion of Iraq on March 20, 2003. At the Summit of the Azores, the decision was taken to launch a 24-hour ultimatum to the Iraqi regime headed by Saddam Hussein for his disarmament , Under threat of declaration of war. In Spain the summit of the Azores was highly criticized and, according to some experts, meant a turning point that marked the beginning of the fall of the PP, which would accentuate even more with 11-M. The ultimatum eventually led to the invasion of Iraq by an international coalition of countries without the explicit support of the United Nations, although they were covered by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1441, 1483 And 1511."
 spain.425.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.426.t: "The Metamorphosis of Ibex"
 spain.426.d: "In its origins, the Ibex was a faithful reflection of an economy immersed in a deep process of adjustment and modernization to achieve convergence with the European countries. In this, two very regulated sectors, the banking and the electric ones, had a very significant weight - both represented more than 70% of the index - and the public sector was very present through companies like Telefónica, Endesa, Iberia, Repsol or Tabacalera. The 35 companies present in those first measures of the index had a joint value equivalent to 51,382 million euros. Twenty-five years later, the Ibex 35 has multiplied by more than ten its capitalization, figures that speak clearly of the growth experienced in this period by the Spanish economy and its companies and which has also been reflected in a revaluation of the rate of 255% - 790% if you take into account the dividends paid by your companies. One sector has managed to maintain almost unchanged its preponderance in the selective index of the Spanish stock market: the banking sector. At the outset, Banco Central Hispano, BBV, Santander, Banesto and Banco Exterior were among the top ten index values. Through mergers and internationalization processes, the financial sector has lighted some of the largest companies in the Spanish market. The witness of Telefónica as the most valuable company of the Ibex has been collected by Inditex. The textile company has been one of the most noteworthy success stories in the Spanish market in recent years and has reached a market value close to 100,000 million euros. Firms such as Iberdrola, Endesa and Repsol are today among the most important of the Ibex 35. And others, such as Gas Natural and Red Eléctrica, which were not present in the origins of the selective also currently has a considerable weight."
 spain.426.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.427.t: "The Tentacles of the «Real Politik»"
 spain.427.d: "PP and PSOE have gone from having different institutions to coordinating them around an important think tank. In this work, the innovation was marked by José María Aznar and his Foundation for Analysis and Social Studies (FAES), when, at the end of 2002, five foundations linked to the Popular Party were integrated, leaving only the NGO Humanism And Democracy. A similar process would now be underway for the Pablo Iglesias Foundation, Spanish in the World, Jaime Vera, System and Global Progress, institutions that are closer to the PSOE and could be integrated into Equality, Rights, Ecology, Action and Solidarity, which form the acronym IDEAS. Will soon become the socialist reflection of the popular think tank. They exist in all the countries that have had some imperialist objective in its history, like United States, France or Spain. But this legacy is not only in the hands of party organizations. These foundations are divided between public ones, created directly by the State, like the Instituto Cervantes or the Carolina Foundation; And the private ones, related to parties, companies and Church. In organizations linked to the parties themselves or to the state itself, the participation of large companies is crucial for their financing, either with managers on their boards or with the direct presence of multinationals, such as the Carolina Foundation, Which together with AECI's money has the contributions of Santander, BBVA, Endesa, PRISA and, thus, to a total of 25 Spanish multinationals. With different means but similar objectives are other institutions like the Cervantes Institute or related NGOs, such as Solidarity (PSOE) or Humanism and Democracy (PP). The Cervantes, along with the Spanish language, exports the venerable image of parliamentary monarchy, the Transition and all the transcendental questions of State. An example of this is the absence of Cervantes in the territories of the former Spanish province of Western Sahara, while there are five of its centers in Morocco, which occupied the former colony."
 spain.427.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.428.t: "NO WAR"
 spain.428.d: "Beginning in 2002, and continuing after the 2003 invasion of Iraq, large-scale protests against the Iraq War were held in many cities worldwide, often coordinated to occur simultaneously around the world. Spain is the country where these demonstrations achieved greater significance. It was the circumstance that Spain was part of the Security Council of the UN and that the US government gave it a special role. On the one hand, he referred to Spain as the starting point of the new Europe and, on the other hand, entrusted him to add the support of the countries of Latin America. The Spanish government of the Popular Party supported the invasion of Iraq in 2003 despite having all other political parties and up to 90% of the citizens against it.6 In fact, during that period, then-President José María Aznar The lowest popularity rating of the entire legislature, and polls gave him a four-point lead for the PSOE. It is estimated that in Spain there were between 11 million and 8 million people. Only between Madrid and Barcelona was between a million and three million demonstrators. The protests by artists and people of the show were also seen to the point that during the XVII edition of the Goya Awards, the actors and directors took plates saying "No to war" and turned the act into a plea against the Same. Subsequently, some of them participated in the well-known "There is reason!". These mobilizations, along with those motivated by the Prestige disaster, marked the discomfort of the citizenship before the general elections of Spain of 2004, where in the end the PP lost the elections with the attacks of 11 of March in Madrid like background frame."
 spain.428.o1: "Hippies..."
 spain.429.t: "Aznar's Successor"
 spain.429.d: "At the XIV Congress of the Popular Party held in Madrid from 25 to 27 January 2002, the President of the Government and of the party José María Aznar fulfilled his word of not being more than eight years at the head of the presidency of the country and became the first Spanish ruler in office who voluntarily renounced to remain in power despite the pressures within his party to continue. On August 31, 2003, Aznar proposed to him as his successor and expressed it with this phrase: "Mariano has touched you." In November 2012, Aznar revealed that he had offered his succession to Rodrigo Rato, but Rato rejected it On September 3, he was elected by the National Board of the Popular Party, new secretary of the formation and candidate for the presidency of the Government. Since leaving the government, since 2004 he has worked in several private companies. is, ten years after presiding over his last Council of Ministers, the former president of the Government with more assets. Their incomes have multiplied by 20 since the old time of the Moncloa. He advises half a dozen multinationals, of which he charges 200,000 euros per year; gives lectures around the world to 40,000 euros each (does not invoice those that are organized in Spain); gives classes in several universities and maintains the salary of former presidents, 75,000 euros. Moncloa takes over the official car and security. He is a member and president of FAES and was honorary president of the Popular Party (2004-2016), a position he resigned. He was a member of the Council of State. Periodically enters the political debate of the moment with interventions or press conferences. The figure of Aznar, who has come to present himself as an "heir to the Spanish liberal tradition", has been one of the references of the neoconservative sector of the Spanish right. It has given rise to a change in the direction of the Spanish foreign policy, orientating it towards Atlanticism, favoring a rapprochement with Tony Blair and George W. Bush at the cost of relations with the Franco-German axis."
 spain.429.o1: "Spain is doing well!"
 spain.430.t: "Attacks of March 11, 2004. Madrid"
 spain.430.d: "The attacks of March 11, 2004, known by the numeral 11M, were a series of terrorist attacks in four trains of the network of Cercanías of Madrid carried out by a terrorist cell of jihad type type, as revealed the later police investigation, Said the National Court and reiterated the Supreme Court. It is the biggest bombing in Europe behind the 1988 Lockerbie bombing, with 10 near-simultaneous blasts on four morning rush hour trains (between 07:36 and 07:40). Later, after an attempt to deactivate, the police would detonate in a controlled way two artifacts that had not exploded. After that they deactivated a third one, which would allow, thanks to its content, to initiate the first surveys that would lead to the identification of the authors. 192 people died, and 2057 were injured. 2004 was not the first jihadist attack in Spain. Previously there had been the bombing of the restaurant El Descanso of April 12, 1985, which caused 18 deaths. While in earlier democracies like the United States and the United Kingdom, similar attacks (11-S and 7-J, respectively) did not produce a social fracture, but united civil society around its institutions, in Spain took place the zenith Of the social and political tension that had been increasing during the second legislature of Aznar. There is a widely accepted theory that the electoral result was influenced by the attacks that took place three days earlier in Madrid."
 spain.430.o1: "«Who was it?»"
 spain.431.t: "Ceasefire 2006"
 spain.431.d: "ETA declares "a permanent ceasefire". The terrorist band, whose criminal activity in Spain has lasted 38 years with 817 murders, announced its decision through a video sent to Basque public television. In the recording, a hooded terrorist, escorted by two other members of ETA, read a statement in Euskera and in Spanish explaining the band's intentions: "The aim of this decision is to promote a democratic process in Euskal Herria to build a new framework in which the rights that we as a people correspond to us are recognized and ensuring the possibility of development of all political options for the future. " The President of the Government, José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero, announces in an institutional declaration in the lobby of the Congress of Deputies the start of the dialogue with ETA. The PP is unmarked from the beginning of the process and begins a stage of rough confrontation with the PSOE regarding the anti-terrorist policy. Various meetings are held between government representatives and ETA emissaries, to which the PNV would also be incorporated. After arriving at a conclusion of agreement (the denominated agreements of Loyola), the conversations shipwreck again."
 spain.431.o1: "Acuerdos de Loyola"
 spain.432.t: "Attack of the T4"
 spain.432.d: "The bombing of the T4 consisted of the explosion of a van bomb that members of the terrorist organization ETA had placed in one of the parking lots of the Terminal 4 of the Airport of Madrid-Barajas, Madrid, on December 30, 2006, Saturday, to 09:1 (Spanish time). The heavy explosion killed two people, wounded about 20 people and caused major damage to airport infrastructure, as well as suspensions and delays in flights. At the political level, the attack occurred in the context of a peace process by the Spanish Government and the terrorist group, which had declared a "permanent ceasefire". Finally the four involved in the attack were detained during the same legislature. Since then he has murdered several more people. At the end of 2008, the ETA summit fell twice in just three weeks: on 17 November the police arrested Mikel Garikoitz Aspiazu Txeroki and on December 8 they did the same with Aitzol Iriondo. two Etarras that were going to accompany him; Eneko Zarrabeitia and Aitor Artetxe In the Guipuzcoan town of Irún, three other ETA members were detained on the same day, resulting in the arrest of two suspected terrorists in Guecho and Berango, and the dawn of 15 to 16 December, four "legal" members of ETA in Guipúzcoa. The media agree that in the last fifty years of its creation, ETA has been structurally weakened and isolated before a society weary of violence and growing social rejection."
 spain.432.o1: "Suspend dialogue initiatives"
 spain.433.t: "ETA has decided the definitive cessation of its armed activity"
 spain.433.d: "The terrorist organization Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA) announced the definitive cessation of its armed activity on 20 October 2011. The communiqué was issued three days after the San Sebastian International Peace Conference, in which was asked for a statement in those terms, in a statement published in the digital editions of the Gara and Berria newspapers, in which ETA affirmed a "clear, firm and definitive commitment" to "overcoming the armed confrontation" while calling on the Spanish and French governments for a "direct dialogue" with a view to reaching a solution to the "consequences of the conflict". From its passage to the armed activity in 1968, ETA has killed 829 people, of which 486 were military and police (58.62%) and 343 civilians (41.38%). 66.46% of all attacks were committed in the Basque Country."
 spain.433.o1: "2.472 terrorist actions"
 spain.434.t: "Independence of Catalonia"
 spain.434.d: "In a recent plebiscite on self-determination 55.5% of Catalan voters voted for independence, compared with 75% unfavorable citizens of the rest of Spain. The Estat Catalá has been unilaterally proclaimed by the Generalitat, being recognized as a sovereign nation by France and Germany, requesting their entry into NATO and the European Union, which have decided to grant it the status of "official candidate" To be a member of the Union and the Alliance."
 spain.434.o1: "¡Visca Catalunya Lluire!"
 spain.435.t: "Independence of Basque Country"
 spain.435.d: "In a recent plebiscite on self-determination 59.1% of Basque voters voted for independence, compared with 75% unfavorable citizens of the rest of Spain. Following the Lehendakaritza, independence has been proclaimed unilaterally, being recognized as a sovereign nation by France and Germany, requesting their entry into NATO and the European Union, which have decided to grant him the status of "official candidate" to become a member Of the Union and of the Alliance."
 spain.435.o1: "¡Gora Euskadi Askatuta!"
 spain.436.t: "Independence of Galicia"
 spain.436.d: "In a recent plebiscite on self-determination, 58.4% of Galician voters voted for independence, compared with 75% unfavorable citizens of the rest of Spain. Following the Xunta de Galicia, the Segunda República Galega was proclaimed unilaterally, being recognized as a sovereign nation by France and Germany, requesting their entry into NATO and the European Union, which have decided to grant it the status of "official candidate "To be a member of the Union and the Alliance."
 spain.436.o1: "¡Viva Galicia Ceibe!"
 spanish_civil_war: "Spanish Civil War"
 spain.437.t: "Civil War"
 spain.437.d: "A group of generals of great power in the Armed Forces have made a pronouncement, denouncing the current government of Spain! They have launched a right-wing coup with the support of the monarchists, conservatives, clergy and other counterrevolutionaries of the so-called Democratic Alliance. A significant part of the army has been allied with these counterrevolutionaries. Meanwhile, leftist volunteers flock to the Republican government, ready to support it against the rebels. These Republicans may be poorly trained, but no one can doubt their enthusiasm."
 spain.437.o1: "Long live the Proletarian Revolution!"
 spain.438.t: "Spain's 2004 General Elections"
 spain.438.d: "Spain's 2004 general elections took place on Sunday, March 14. The Spaniards were called to the polls for the ninth time since the transition to renew the Cortes Generales. They took place three days after the attacks on the network of close to Madrid, the largest terrorist act in the history of the country, where 193 people were killed, made that marked the election results. PSOE led by José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero won with an advantage of 4.9% the PP led by Mariano Rajoy, relieving them so the Government chaired by José María Aznar in his previous term in Spain."
 spain.438.o1: "PSOE"
 spain.438.o2: "PP"
 spain.439.t: "Spain's 2015 General Elections"
 spain.439.d: "Mariano Rajoy won the 2011 general election in a landslide running on a platform that promised to bring a solution to the country's worsening economic situation, marked by soaring unemployment and an out-of-control public deficit. However, shortly after taking office, Rajoy's People's Party (PP) popularity in opinion polls began to erode after its U-turn on economic policy, which included the breaching of many election pledges. In its first months in power, Rajoy's government approved a series of tax rises, a harsh labour reform that allegedly cheapened dismissals—and which was met with widespread protests and two general strikes in March and November 2012—and an austere state budget for 2012. The crash of Bankia, one of the largest banks of Spain, in May 2012 resulted in a dramatic rise of the Spanish risk premium, and in June the country's banking system needed a bailout from the IMF. The social response to the ongoing political and economic crisis was mixed. The 15-M Movement had resulted in an increase of street protests and demonstrations calling for a more democratic governmental system, a halt to spending cuts and tax increases and an overall rejection of Spain's two-party system formed by both PP and PSOE. Social mobilization channeled through various protest actions, such as "Surround the Congress", the so-called "Citizen Tides" or the "Marches for Dignity". In Catalonia, the PP's rise to power and its perceived rightist stance were said to have been the final trigger for the independence movement to fire up. A 1.5-million strong demonstration in Barcelona on 11 September 2012 finally convinced the regional ruling Convergence and Union (CiU) of Artur Mas to switch to independence support. Finally, the PP decline and the PSOE inability to recover lost support paved the way for the rise of new parties in the national landscape, such as Podemos and Citizens (C's), which began to rise dramatically in opinion polls after 2014 European Parliament election."
 spain.439.o1: "PSOE"
 spain.439.o2: "PP"
 spain.439.o3: "Ciudadanos"
 spain.440.t: "Bipartisan Wear"
 spain.440.d: "The two major Spanish parties, PP and PSOE, the only ones that have alternated with the executive - and the governments of most of the autonomous communities and municipalities - in the last three decades, added to the general elections of 2008 83.8% of the valid votes. It was the peak of what is probably one of the most bipartisan systems in Europe, if not the largest. But a similar percentage had been maintained since 1982: the PP-PSOE sum never dropped from 65% and was almost always around 75%. In 2011 it still exceeded 73%. This has taken the crisis ahead, according to surveys published by the CIS and by various means in recent months. The two major parties - especially the PP - fall without pause in the estimations of vote: they only add between 45% and 60%; their directions know this and assume it as the "logical" cost of government measures, those of the previous and current. Sources from both parties interpret that the problem is circumstantial, that lasts for the duration of the crisis and that, although they will surely never regain 80% of the votes, the system will remain what it is: only two parties with government options. Faced with this crossroads, the party in the Government asks "time" to implement its policies; and on the other side, State pacts."
 spain.440.o1: "Let's see what happens."

 spain.XXX.t: "The Gürtel Case"
 spain.XXX.d: "The Gürtel case is the name of an investigation initiated in November 2007 by the Anti-Corruption Prosecutor's Office and denounced by the Prosecutor's Office in February 2009 before the Audiencia Nacional on a network of political corruption linked to the Popular Party, which operated mainly In the communities of Madrid and Valencia. The so-called Bárcenas case, which is a derivation of the Gürtel, and collects an accounting B of the PP (ie not declared to the Spanish Public Finance), receiving illegal donations from construction companies and delivery of black money to party leaders. The plot was headed by the quartet made up of businessman Francisco Correa and three of his trusted men: Álvaro Pérez Alonso dubbed "El Bigotes", Pablo Crespo and Antoine Sánchez. This group would have established a supposed business conglomerate in order to draw on funds from public entities, in particular from some municipalities and autonomous communities such as the Community of Madrid, Comunidad Valenciana and Galicia, as well as to avoid legal prohibitions in urban and environmental matters Which would have affected their real estate business."
 spain.XXX.01: ""

 spain.441.t: "Agenda Morada"
 spain.441.d: "Despite the growing popular opposition to the compromised measures taken so far by the Executive, we continue to trust in continuing to expand our government program."
 spain.441.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.442.t: "Agenda Naranja"
 spain.442.d: "As a result of growing popular opposition to the compromised measures taken so far by the Executive of Podemos has generated a crisis of government which has precipitated elections in which they have risen, against all pronostrico, the liberal option led by the Libertarian Party."
 spain.442.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.443.t: "Goverment's head"
 spain.443.d: "After a year of government of the P-LIB, we have to decide if we want to continue with our Head of Government, or to consider the election of a new person."
 spain.443.01: "Juan Pina"
 spain.443.02: "Carlos Rodríguez Braun"
 spain.443.03: "Juan Ramón Rallo"
 spain.444.t: "Economic Songs:"
 spain.444.d: "Professor Rodríguez Braun brings us a great music group. They have always classified themselves as Rock and Roll, although some say they were the pioneers of heavy metal. They are AC / DC with your theme 'Who mother who'. This song talks about the danger of technology."
 spain.444.o1: "Bueníiiiiisimo"
 spain.445.t: "Market Liberalization"
 spain.445.d: "Economic liberalization is related to classical liberalism and aims to promote economic development. In economics, a liberalization is, in a broad sense, the process by which one passes from an economy subject to State control to a market economy, reducing the capacity of the State to intervene directly or indirectly in a country's economy."
 spain.445.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.446.t: "Liberalization of the Electricity Sector"
 spain.446.d: "On the part of the government, measures have been taken to liberate the electricity sector, allowing for self-consumption, which has been taxed and taxed so far. In the same way, the privileges of the large electricity industries that exercise a monopolistic policy are eliminated."
 spain.446.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.447.t: "Free Circulation of Capitals"
 spain.447.d: "On the part of the government, the mandatory reporting ceilings have been raised in relation to the free movement of capital and at the same time, reforms have been made to liberalize their transit."
 spain.447.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.448.t: "Liberalize Bank of Spain"
 spain.448.d: "The abolition of the official character of the Bank of Spain and its dismantling of the multilateral system has been followed, followed by the privatization of the Bank of Spain in order to practice full monetary freedom."
 spain.448.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.449.t: "Cryptocurrencies"
 spain.449.d: "On the part of the current government, measures have been taken in relation to the national monetary policy, to adapt to the present and future economic reality of the nation. It highlights the legalization of cryptocurrencies as a means of legal payment."
 spain.449.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.450.t: "Reform of the Electoral System"
 spain.450.d: "We believe that one of the biggest failures of Spanish democracy is the electoral system. It is a failure because it has illuminated a de facto bipartisanship that does not represent the variety of currents of thought present in society. The political framework generated by this electoral system favors a high bureaucratization and is impervious to democratic control of society. In the same way, the substitution of all public financing by private financing has been adopted, but it is transparent and deductible as long as the current fiscal framework persists, it has been reformed so that the direct vote to people, without lists, guaranteeing the vote by priority."
 spain.450.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.451.t: "Gibraltar Free Associate"
 spain.451.d: "In the question of Gibraltar the previous Spanish governments have insisted that the dispute is completely bilateral and that those who live in the colony are English settlers. This principle was reflected in the resolution of the UN Decolonization Committee. On the part of the current Executive has proceeded to raise the self-determination of the Gibraltarian population and its constitution as a nation, this approach has been positively received by this population, although on the part of the United Kingdom so far has not been pronounced."
 spain.451.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.452.t: "Reform the Armed Forces"
 spain.452.d: "Measures have been taken to reduce and adapt the current Armed Forces to their constitutional function of National Defense. This will range from the demobilization of units to the suspension of missions abroad. Therefore, it tends to a Voluntary Armed Forces and prioritize its extreme professionalism."
 spain.452.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.453.t: "Liberalize Social Services"
 spain.453.d: "It has proceeded to adopt the following measures tending to the greater liberation of the labor market: Plan of implementation of the "Austrian backpack" in replacement of the current unemployment management system, end of forced collective bargaining, freedom of contract, elimination of salary minimum interprofessional. Tendentes to the consolidation of a fully free market. In the same way, the Social Security Institute and its peripheral agencies have been privatized, resulting in the liberalization of the health system, pensions and other essential services."
 spain.453.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.454.t: "Reform of the Immigration Law"
 spain.454.d: "The current government has reformed the current Immigration Law for the free movement of people, and in the same way, citizenship will be granted to all legal residents."
 spain.454.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.455.t: "Legalization of drugs"
 spain.455.d: "The legalization of drugs recognizes the right of people to consume any substance and, accompanied with education, is possibly the best strategy to fight against abusive consumption and drug addiction, causes of human degradation of the consumer and multiple damages to their environment . The illegalization of drugs is not solving the problems that drug use generates in public health and is fomenting other equally serious problems such as drug trafficking and the dubious governmental policies of war against drug trafficking. The legal fight against drugs has focused, worldwide, on the prohibition, repression and punishment of its use (with the exception of tobacco and alcohol). The illegalization of drugs violates rights such as individual self-determination and the free development of personality, so publicized by the current systems of government."
 spain.455.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.456.t: "Legalization of Prostitution"
 spain.456.d: "As a potential means to displace sex trafficking, legalizing prostitution has an obvious appeal. In addition to being a desirable policy among many of those who engage in prostitution on a consensual basis, legalization is assumed to help the market crowd out violent clients, abusive pimps and evil traffickers. Advocates argue that making it legal to sell sex increases the supply of consensual prostitution whereas making it legal to buy sex attracts better-behaving consumers—both of which should make the market for commercial sex less exploitative. This line of reasoning makes sense, and is also what basic economic theory would predict. But on the part of the Government, the recent legalization of prostitution has taken precedence over the ideological principles of liberalism and individual freedom."
 spain.456.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.457.t: "Business Association for Technological Training"
 spain.457.d: "Recent by large companies and relevant individuals has created the Business Association for Technology Training, which is expected to be a stimulant to the growth of research and the development of new technologies."
 spain.457.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.458.t: "Agency for Science, Technology and Research"
 spain.458.d: "The Agency for Science, Technology and Research (Abbreviation: A*STAR) is a statutory board under the Ministry of Trade and Industry of Spain. A*STAR is the lead public agency that drives mission-oriented research to advance scientific discovery and technological innovation. The primary aim is to create economic growth and jobs for Spain, and contribute to societal benefits such as improving outcomes in healthcare, urban living and sustainability. As a Science and Technology organization, A*STAR bridges the gap between academia and industry in terms of research and development."
 spain.458.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.459.t: "Institute of Technological Research (IIT)"
 spain.459.d: "El Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC) era una agencia estatal adscrita al Ministerio de Economía y Competitividad de España, a través de la Secretaría de Estado de Investigación. Su objetivo fundamental era desarrollar y promover las investigaciones en beneficio del progreso científico y tecnológico, para lo cual está abierto a la colaboración con entidades españolas y extranjeras. Después de realizar su privatización ha pasado a denominarse como Instituto de Investigación Tecnológica (IIT) El cual mantiene un convenio de colaboración como representación delegada en España del prestigioso y avanzado Instituto Tecnológico de Massachusetts, lo cual inicia una nueva etapa prometedora en la historia de la institución."
 spain.459.o1: "Excellent"
 spain.460.t: "Referendum Autodeterminación"
 spain.460.d: "It has recently been proposed to hold a consultation on the federal question of the various territories that make up the Spanish Republic."
 spain.460.o1: "Excelente"
 spain.461.t: "Independence of Aragón"
 spain.461.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.461.o1: "Stay"
 spain.461.o2: "Independence"
 spain.462.t: "Independence of Asturias"
 spain.462.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.462.o1: "Stay"
 spain.462.o2: "Independence"
 spain.463.t: "Independence of Castilla"
 spain.463.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.463.o1: "Stay"
 spain.463.o2: "Independence"
 spain.464.t: "Independence of Extremadura"
 spain.464.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.464.o1: "Stay"
 spain.464.o2: "Independence"
 spain.465.t: "Independence of León"
 spain.465.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.465.o1: "Stay"
 spain.465.o2: "Independence"
 spain.466.t: "Independence of Madrid"
 spain.466.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.466.o1: "Stay"
 spain.466.o2: "Independence"
 spain.467.t: "Independence of las Islas Baleares"
 spain.467.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.467.o1: "Stay"
 spain.467.o2: "Independence"
 spain.468.t: "Independence of Castilla La Mancha"
 spain.468.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.468.o1: "Stay"
 spain.468.o2: "Independence"
 spain.469.t: "Independence of Murcia"
 spain.469.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.469.o1: "Stay"
 spain.469.o2: "Independence"
 spain.470.t: "Independence of Navarra"
 spain.470.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.470.o1: "Stay"
 spain.470.o2: "Independence"
 spain.471.t: "Independence of Valencia"
 spain.471.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.471.o1: "Stay"
 spain.471.o2: "Independence"
 spain.472.t: "Independence of Andalucía"
 spain.472.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.472.o1: "Stay"
 spain.472.o2: "Independence"
 spain.473.t: "Independence of Canarias"
 spain.473.d: "The consultation has been held and the result has been ..."
 spain.473.o1: "Stay"
 spain.473.o2: "Independence"
 spain.474.t: "Sovereign Wealth Fund"
 spain.474.d: "A sovereign investment fund is a state-owned investment vehicle that controls a portfolio of national and international financial assets, typically capital comes from the export of raw materials, such as gas or oil, and its investments are made up of bonds, shares, financial derivatives, although they also have other investments, such as real estate. Because of the credit crunch caused by the 2007 crisis, the GUFs have gained media notoriety in the bailouts of major Wall Street listed banking groups such as Citigroup or Merrill Lynch, uncovering their large financial resources. The largest, the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), manages assets estimated at $ 875,000 million, about 3 times the Swiss GDP in 2007. On the part of the current Executive it has been decided to create the Government of Spain Investment Corporation (GSIC) with the object of capitalizing all those statal sectors that are being liberalized in order to be a useful instrument to manage the international reserves of Spain."
 spain.474.o1: "Consolidate investments"
 spain.474.o2: "Extend investments"
 spain.475.t: "Conferencia Internacional Liberal"
 spain.475.d: "Within the framework of the new role of the Liberal International, which is increasing a more relevant role in international politics, it has been discussed where to prioritize the activity or consolidate liberalism in traditionally democratic nations or to bring the flame of freedom to the oppressed masses."
 spain.475.o1: "Strengthen Liberalism"
 spain.475.o2: "Expelling Liberalism"
 #Factions
 allied_powers: "Allied Powers"
 axis_powers: "Axis Powers"
 baltic_alliance: "Baltic Alliance"
 british_alliance: "London Pact"
 british_commonwealth: "Commonwealth Alliance"
 central_powers: "Central Powers"
 CSTO: "CSTO"
 comintern_powers: "Comintern Powers"
 entente_powers: "Entente Powers"
 french_alliance: "Alliance de Paris"
 german_alliance: "Allianz von Berlin"
 german_alliance_communist: "Berlin International"
 guam_alliance: "GUAM"
 holy_roman_alliance: "Heiliges Römisches Reich"
 ITA_roman_empire: "Unio Romana"
 SPR_eje_hispania: "Plus Ultra"
 japanese_alliance_communist: "East Asian Union of Peoples"
 japanese_alliance_democratic: "East Asian Defensive Union"
 japanese_alliance_fascist: "Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere"
 levantine_alliance: "Levantine Alliance"
 NATO: "NATO"
 peninsula_shield_force: "Peninsula Shield Force"
 shanghai_pact: "Shanghai Pact"
 swiss_alliance: "Swiss Protection Zone"
 ukrainian_alliance: "Kiev Alliance"
 #Ideas Advisors
 advisor_SPR_mundo_obrero: "Mundo Obrero"
 SPR_mundo_obrero: "Mundo Obrero"
 SPR_mundo_obrero_desc: "Mundo Obrero (English: Workers World) is the periodical of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE). The paper is based in Madrid, Spain. The paper is published fortnightly and contains articles related to the Spanish and international political situations, the opinions of the different bodies of the party as well as relevant party members, and on the activities of the Party and the Communist Youth Union of Spain (UJCE)."
 advisor_SPR_nuestra_bandera: "Nuestra Bandera"
 SPR_nuestra_bandera: "Nuestra Bandera"
 SPR_nuestra_bandera_desc: "Nuestra Bandera (Spanish for "Our Flag") is the theoretical and debate magazine of the Unified Socialist Party of Spain, founded in 1937 and dedicated to social, cultural and political analysis from a Marxist point of view. Their first issue appeared in Valencia on July 15, 1937. The second period of the magazine was published in Barcelona from January 1, 1938, to about October of that year, during which periodicity was irregular. Between June 1940 and December 1944 it was published in American exile in Mexico; To pass later to be published in the cities of Toulouse and Paris, until 1950."
 advisor_SPR_lamarea: "La Marea"
 SPR_lamarea_progressive_politician: "Progressive"
 SPR_lamarea: "La Marea"
 SPR_lamarea_desc: "La Marea is a medium of communication in Spanish, edited in paper and of monthly character. It also has a digital newspaper. La Marea emerges from the cooperative newspaper MorePublic Cooperative Society founded by former workers of the paper edition of the newspaper Público. The first issue went on sale on December 21, 2012."
 advisor_SPR_el_pais: "El País"
 SPR_prisa_social_democrat_politician: "Social Democracy"
 SPR_el_pais: "El País"
 SPR_el_pais_desc: "El País (literally The Country) is the highest-circulation daily newspaper in Spain and one of three Madrid dailies considered to be national newspapers of record for Spain (along with El Mundo and ABC). El País, based in Madrid, is owned by the Spanish media conglomerate PRISA. Its headquarters and central editorial staff are located in Madrid, although there are regional offices in the principal Spanish cities (Barcelona, Seville, Valencia, Bilbao, Santiago de Compostela) where regional editions are produced. El País also produces a world edition in Madrid that is available online in Brazil (in Brazilian Portuguese) and Hispanic America (in European Spanish)."
 advisor_SPR_confidencial: "El Confidencial"
 SPR_confidencial_market_liberal_politician: "Market Liberal"
 SPR_confidencial: "El Confidencial"
 SPR_confidencial_desc: "El Confidencial is a Spanish-language general-information digital newspaper located in Spain, specializing in economic, financial and political news. It was established as an online newspaper in 2001. Its target readership is professional and middle-aged. It has a liberal political orientation."
 advisor_SPR_el_mundo: "El Mundo"
 SPR_el_mundo: "El Mundo"
 SPR_el_mundo_desc: "El Mundo (Spanish for "The World", full name El Mundo del Siglo Veintiuno, "The World of the 21st Century") is the second largest printed daily newspaper in Spain. The paper is considered one of the country's newspapers of record along with El País and ABC. Editorially, El Mundo often expresses the mainstream views of the centre-right with independent and liberal overtones."
 advisor_SPR_faes: "FAES"
 SPR_faes_conservative_politician: "Conservatism"
 SPR_faes: "FAES"
 SPR_faes_desc: "FAES (Fundación para el Análisis y los Estudios Sociales or "Foundation for Analysis and Social Studies" in English) is a Spanish think tank. It is a not-for-profit organization of conservative liberal ideology in Spain with strong links to the Popular Party (PP); it is even known informally as the "Popular Party's ideas laboratory". Its headquarters are in Madrid. Each year, FAES publishes an annual activity report, which can be downloaded from its website."
 advisor_SPR_cope: "COPE"
 SPR_cope_reactionary_politician: "Reactionary"
 SPR_cope: "COPE"
 SPR_cope_desc: "COPE, an acronym for Cadena de Ondas Populares Españolas ("People's Radiowaves of Spain Network") formerly called Radio Popular, is a Spanish radio station. It is the second most played in Spain generalist radio. Owned by the Spanish Episcopal Conference company "Radio Popular SA", belongs to the "Group COPE" with music stations Cadena 100, Rock FM and Megastar FM, addition to the Spanish generalist TV channel 13TV. The station is associated with the Spanish journal Diario ABC. Created with the aim of offering religious services, since the 1980s its programming has evolved into the model of conventional general radio, while maintaining programs with religious content, such as El Espejo (The Mirror) of José Luis Restán and La linterna de la Iglesia (The Lantern of the Church) of Faustino Catalina, especially on Sundays in the day when Holy Mass and special dates News Church and Catholic liturgical calendar as Christmas and Easter is issued. Its editorial guideline is the promotion of the views of the hierarchy of the Spanish Catholic Church."
 advisor_SPR_la_razon: "La Razón"
 SPR_la_razon_nationalist_politician: "Nationalist"
 SPR_la_razon: "La Razón"
 SPR_la_razon_desc: "La Razón (In Spanish: "The Reason") is a daily newspaper based in Madrid, Spain. It has the sixth-highest circulation among general-interest Spanish dailies, and the fourth-highest among those based in Madrid. La Razón was founded in 1998 by Luis Maria Ansón. The paper is owned by Grupo Planeta and based in Madrid. The newspaper's editorial stances are primarily liberal economically and conservative socially. The paper has also a rightist stance."
 advisor_SPR_islam: "Unión de Comunidades Islámicas de España"
 SPR_islam: "Unión de Comunidades Islámicas de España"
 SPR_islam_desc: ""
 advisor_SPR_abc: "ABC"
 SPR_abc: "ABC"
 SPR_abc_desc: "ABC is a Spanish national daily newspaper. It is the third largest general-interest newspaper in Spain, and the oldest newspaper still operating in Madrid. ABC is often referred to as a newspaper of record of Spain, along with El País and El Mundo. ABC is known for generally supporting conservative political views and defending the Spanish monarchy. The paper has also a right-wing stance. Its director since 1983, Luis María Ansón, left the paper in 1997 to found another daily, La Razón, which initially catered to even more conservative readers."
 advisor_SPR_falange: "Falange Española"
 SPR_falange: "Ministry for Public Enlightenment and Propaganda"
 SPR_falange_desc: "It is the ministerial department responsible for the regulation of the press, literature, visual art, cinema, theater, music and broadcasting."
 advisor_SPR_acebes: "Ángel Acebes"
 SPR_acebes: "Ángel Acebes"
 SPR_acebes_desc: "Ángel Jesús Acebes Paniagua (Pajares de Adaja, 3 de julio de 1958) es un político español del Partido Popular. Alcalde de Ávila entre 1991 y 1995, llegó a ocupar los cargos de ministro de Interior, de Justicia y de Administraciones Públicas durante los gobiernos de José María Aznar. Fue secretario general del PP entre 2004 y 2008, bajo la presidencia del partido por parte de Mariano Rajoy. Desde el 4 de julio de 2012, está imputado por comisión de delito de apropiación indebida, falsificación de cuentas anuales, administración fraudulenta o desleal, y un delito de maquinación para alterar el precio de las cosas (Caso Bankia)."
 advisor_SPR_aguilar: "Juan Fernando López Aguilar"
 SPR_aguilar: "Juan Fernando López Aguilar"
 SPR_aguilar_desc: "Juan Fernando López Aguilar (Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, 10 de junio de 1961) es un político, profesor y jurista español, afiliado al PSOE. Fue diputado por Las Palmas desde la VII legislatura. Desde el 18 de abril de 2004 hasta el 12 de febrero de 2007 fue ministro de Justicia del Gobierno de José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero."
 advisor_SPR_banez: "Fátima Báñez"
 SPR_banez: "Fátima Báñez"
 SPR_banez_desc: "María Fátima Báñez García (San Juan del Puerto, Huelva, 6 de enero de 1967), más conocida como Fátima Báñez, es una política, economista y jurista española. Desde diciembre de 2011 es ministra de Empleo y Seguridad Social del Gobierno de España."
 advisor_SPR_blanco: "José Blanco López"
 SPR_blanco: "José Blanco López"
 advisor_SPR_blanco_desc: "José Blanco López (Palas de Rey, Lugo, 6 de febrero de 1962), también conocido como Pepe Blanco, y popularmente por el apodo Pepiño, es un político socialista español. Desde julio de 2008 hasta febrero de 2012 fue el vicesecretario general del Partido Socialista Obrero Español (PSOE), y entre abril de 2009 y diciembre de 2011 desempeñó el cargo de ministro de Fomento. Actualmente es diputado en el Parlamento Europeo"
 advisor_SPR_bono: "José Bono"
 SPR_bono: "José Bono"
 SPR_bono_desc: "José Bono Martínez (Salobre, Albacete, 14 de diciembre de 1950) es un abogado y político español perteneciente al Partido Socialista Obrero Español y anterior presidente del Congreso de los Diputados. Además, ha desempeñado los cargos de Presidente de la Junta de Comunidades de Castilla-La Mancha y de Ministro de Defensa. Se define eclécticamente como socialista católico."
 advisor_SPR_caldera: "Jesús Caldera"
 SPR_caldera: "Jesús Caldera"
 SPR_caldera_desc: "Jesús Caldera Sánchez-Capitán (Béjar, Salamanca, 31 de octubre de 1957) es un político socialista español. Es licenciado en Ciencias Políticas y Sociología por la Universidad Complutense de Madrid y fue ministro de Trabajo y Asuntos Sociales en el Gobierno de España durante la VIII Legislatura."
 advisor_SPR_canete: "Miguel Arias Cañete"
 SPR_canete: "Miguel Arias Cañete"
 SPR_canete_desc: "Miguel Arias Cañete (Madrid, 24 de febrero de 1950) es un jurista (Abogado del Estado) y político español miembro del Partido popular y actual Comisario europeo de Acción por el Clima y Energía. Fue nombrado ministro de Agricultura, Alimentación y Medio Ambiente del gobierno de España desde el 22 de diciembre de 2011. El 9 de abril de 2014 fue seleccionado por su partido para encabezar la lista electoral al Parlamento europeo y cesó de su cargo como ministro el 28 de abril de ese mismo año. Anteriormente ya había ocupado ese mismo cargo entre los años 2000 y 2004. En 2016 se publicó que, mientras era ministro, su esposa se acogió a la amnistía fiscal aprobada por el gobierno para regularizar la actividad de una empresa offshore registrada en un paraíso fiscal a través del despacho de abogados Mossack Fonseca. Arias Cañete había participado en la reunión del Consejo de Ministros que aprobó dicha amnistía fiscal a pesar de la obligación de inhibirse por tener intereses familiares."
 advisor_SPR_cascos: "Francisco Álvarez-Cascos"
 SPR_cascos: "Francisco Álvarez-Cascos"
 SPR_cascos_desc: "Francisco Álvarez-Cascos Fernández (Madrid, 1 de octubre de 1947) es un político español. Ha sido diputado, senador, secretario general del Partido Popular (1989-1999), vicepresidente del gobierno (1996-2000) y ministro de Fomento (2000-2004). Perteneció al PP hasta el 1 de enero de 2011, cuando lo abandonó disconforme con su dirección nacional."
 advisor_SPR_castillo: "Pilar del Castillo"
 SPR_castillo: "Pilar del Castillo"
 SPR_castillo_desc: "Pilar del Castillo Vera (Nador, 31 de julio de 1952) es una política española, ministra de Educación, Cultura y Deporte de España de 2000 a 2004. Es diputada en el Parlamento Europeo desde 2004 y ha sido portavoz del Grupo Parlamentario Popular Europeo en la Comisión de Industria, Investigación, Energía y Telecomunicaciones (2009-2014). Catedrática de Ciencia Política y de la Administración por la UNED, se doctoró en Derecho en la Universidad Complutense y fue becaria Fulbright en Universidad Estatal de Ohio, donde cursó un máster en Ciencia Política. Es especialista en comportamiento político y electoral, tema sobre el que tiene numerosas publicaciones de gran calidad."
 advisor_SPR_chacon: "Carme Chacón"
 SPR_chacon: "Carme Chacón"
 SPR_chacon_desc: "Carme Maria Chacón Piqueras (Esplugas de Llobregat, 13 de marzo de 1971-Madrid, 9 de abril de 2017), también conocida como Carmen Chacón, fue una abogada, profesora universitaria y política española. El 14 de abril de 2008, embarazada de siete meses, se convirtió en la primera ministra de Defensa de España y la primera ministra española que accedía a un ministerio encinta, lo que fue ampliamente difundido en el resto de Europa por su excepcionalidad. Entre sus primeras decisiones estuvo su visita a las tropas españolas del destacamento español en Herat (Afganistán)."
 advisor_SPR_chaves: "Manuel Chaves"
 SPR_chaves: "Manuel Chaves"
 SPR_chaves_desc: "Manuel María Chaves González (Ceuta, 7 de julio de 1945) es un político español, presidente de la Junta de Andalucía entre 1990 y 2009 y presidente del Partido Socialista Obrero Español (PSOE) entre 2000 y 2012. También ejerció los cargos de ministro de Trabajo y Seguridad Social durante los Gobiernos de Felipe González y de vicepresidente de Política Territorial y ministro de Política Territorial y Administración Pública del segundo gabinete de José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero. Tras la "preimputación" de la jueza de Instrucción Mercedes Alaya por presunta corrupción por el escándalo de los ERE falsos, el 17 de febrero de 2015, el Tribunal Supremo lo citó a declarar como imputado junto a José Antonio Griñán y los otros tres aforados incluidos en la causa."
 advisor_SPR_cospedal: "María Dolores de Cospedal"
 SPR_cospedal: "María Dolores de Cospedal"
 SPR_cospedal_desc: "María Dolores de Cospedal García (Madrid, 13 de diciembre de 1965) es una jurista (abogada del Estado) y política española, actual ministra de Defensa de España. Es la secretaria general del Partido Popular y la presidenta del PP de Castilla-La Mancha. De 2011 a 2015 fue presidenta de la Junta de Comunidades de Castilla-La Mancha. En octubre de 2013 se abrió una investigación judicial, desgajada del caso Gürtel, por la supuesta financiación irregular de la campaña electoral de María Dolores de Cospedal a la presidencia de Castilla-La Mancha en 2007."
 advisor_SPR_espinosa: "Elena Espinosa"
 SPR_espinosa: "Elena Espinosa"
 SPR_espinosa_desc: "Elena Espinosa Mangana (Orense, 21 de marzo de 1960) es una política y economista española. El 14 de marzo de 2004 se celebraron nuevas elecciones generales que dieron la victoria al PSOE. En junio de 2004 obtuvo el nombramiento de ministra de Agricultura, Pesca y Alimentación. Su gestión al frente del Ministerio hizo que el 14 de abril de 2008, tras las elecciones generales del 9-M y la investidura por segunda vez del candidato del PSOE José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero a presidente del Gobierno de España, fuese nombrada ministra de Medio Ambiente, Medio Rural y Marino."
 advisor_SPR_gallardon: "Alberto Ruiz-Gallardón"
 SPR_gallardon: "Alberto Ruiz-Gallardón"
 SPR_gallardon_desc: "Alberto Ruiz-Gallardón Jiménez (Madrid, 11 de diciembre de 1958) es un fiscal y político español, miembro del Partido Popular y ministro de Justicia del Gobierno de España entre el 22 de diciembre de 2011 y el 23 de septiembre de 2014. Anteriormente, fue presidente de la Comunidad de Madrid entre 1995 y 2003 y alcalde de Madrid entre 2003 y 2011."
 advisor_SPR_guindo: "Luis de Guindos"
 SPR_guindo: "Luis de Guindos"
 SPR_guindo_desc: "Luis de Guindos Jurado (Madrid, 16 de enero de 1960) es un economista español, actual Ministro de Economía, Industria y Competitividad del Gobierno de España. En la X Legislatura fue ministro de Economía y Competitividad y desde el 15 de abril de 2016 asumió los asuntos del Ministerio de Industria, Energía y Turismo tras la renuncia de su predecesor, José Manuel Soria (pero sin asumir la titularidad del Ministerio). Pertenece al Cuerpo Superior de Técnicos Comerciales y Economistas del Estado y ocupó distintos cargos durante los dos Gobiernos de Aznar (1996-2004). Ha trabajado en compañías de servicios financieros siendo miembro del Consejo Asesor de Lehman Brothers a nivel europeo y director en España y Portugal hasta su quiebra en 2008. Fue director del Instituto de Empresa desde 2010 y perteneció al Consejo de Administración de Endesa con carácter de Externo Independiente."
 advisor_SPR_mato: "Ana Mato"
 SPR_mato: "Ana Mato"
 SPR_mato_desc: "Ana Mato Adrover (Madrid, 24 de septiembre de 1959) es una política española, perteneciente al Partido Popular, diputada del Parlamento Europeo entre 2004 y 2008 y vicesecretaria general del Partido Popular encargada de la organización del partido y de temas electorales, entre 2008 y 2012. Ministra de Sanidad, Servicios Sociales e Igualdad desde el 22 de diciembre de 2011 hasta el 26 de noviembre de 2014, cuando dimite al ser imputada como partícipe a título lucrativo de los delitos supuestamente cometidos por su marido en la trama Gürtel."
 advisor_SPR_montoro: "Cristóbal Montoro"
 SPR_montoro: "Cristóbal Montoro"
 SPR_montoro_desc: "Cristóbal Ricardo Montoro Romero (Cambil, Jaén, 28 de julio de 1950) es un economista español y el actual ministro de Hacienda y Función Pública español desde el 22 de diciembre de 2011. Entre 2000 y 2004 fue también ministro de Hacienda en el gobierno de Aznar, y ha sido europarlamentario y miembro de la Comisión de Asuntos Económicos y Monetarios del Parlamento Europeo."
 advisor_SPR_moratinos: "Miguel Ángel Moratinos"
 SPR_moratinos: "Miguel Ángel Moratinos"
 SPR_moratinos_desc: "Miguel Ángel Moratinos Cuyaubé (Madrid, 8 de junio de 1951) es un político y diplomático español, Ministro de Asuntos Exteriores y de Cooperación de España entre 2004 y 2010, y antiguo representante de la Unión Europea para el proceso de paz árabe-israelí entre 1996 y 2003. Moratinos es miembro del Partido Socialista Obrero Español (PSOE) y diputado socialista por Córdoba desde 2004. Moratinos formó parte del primer Gobierno de José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero y se mantuvo al frente de la cartera de Exteriores y Cooperación hasta su salida del mismo el 21 de octubre de 2010, cuando fue sustituido en el cargo por Trinidad Jiménez."
 advisor_SPR_morenes: "Pedro Morenés"
 SPR_morenes: "Pedro Morenés"
 SPR_morenes_desc: "Pedro de Morenés y Álvarez de Eulate (Guecho, Vizcaya, 17 de septiembre de 1948) es un empresario, alto ejecutivo y político español, antiguo ministro de Defensa del Gobierno de España desde el 22 de diciembre de 2011 hasta el 4 de noviembre de 2016 (en funciones desde el 20 de diciembre de 2015)."
 advisor_SPR_rato: "Rodrigo Rato"
 SPR_rato: "Rodrigo Rato"
 SPR_rato_desc: "Rodrigo de Rato y Figaredo (Madrid, 18 de marzo de 1949), conocido como Rodrigo Rato, es un político español que perteneció al Partido Popular (PP). El 23 de febrero de 2017 fue condenado a cuatro años de cárcel, por un delito continuado de apropiación indebida entre 2003 y 2012, en el caso de las tarjetas black. Licenciado en Derecho, fue Vicepresidente del Gobierno de España y Ministro de Economía durante los gobiernos de José María Aznar."
 advisor_SPR_rubalcaba: "Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba"
 SPR_rubalcaba: "Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba"
 SPR_rubalcaba_desc: "Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba (Solares; 28 de julio de 1951) es un químico, profesor y político español del Partido Socialista, vicepresidente del Gobierno de España, durante la presidencia de José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero y ministro durante la de Felipe González. Fue, desde febrero de 2012 hasta julio de 2014, líder de la oposición y secretario general de su partido, por el que fue candidato a la presidencia del Gobierno en las elecciones generales de 2011."
 advisor_SPR_salgado: "Elena Salgado"
 SPR_salgado: "Elena Salgado"
 SPR_salgado_desc: "Elena Salgado Méndez (Orense, 12 de mayo de 1949) es una ingeniera industrial, economista y política socialista española . Ha sido Vicepresidenta del Gobierno de España y Ministra de Economía y Hacienda. Tres meses después de abandonar su cargo de Vicepresidenta, la compañía eléctrica Chilectra, filial de Endesa y controlada a su vez por el grupo italiano Enel, incorporó a Elena Salgado a su grupo de consejeros. Aunque la legislación actual impide a un ex-alto cargo trabajar para una empresa privada durante los dos años posteriores a abandonar el puesto, esta restricción no se le aplicó dado que es una empresa radicada en el exterior de España. Dejo de ser Consejera en abril de 2015."
 advisor_SPR_santamaria: "Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría"
 SPR_santamaria: "Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría"
 SPR_santamaria_desc: "María Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría Antón, más conocida como Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría, (Valladolid, 10 de junio de 1971) es una jurista, abogada del Estado, profesora y política española miembro del Partido Popular. Desde el 4 de noviembre de 2016 es vicepresidenta y ministra de la Presidencia y para las Administraciones Territoriales del Gobierno de España presidido por Mariano Rajoy."
 advisor_SPR_solbes: "Pedro Solbes"
 SPR_solbes: "Pedro Solbes"
 SPR_solbes_desc: "Pedro Solbes Mira (Pinoso, 31 de agosto de 1942), es un economista, jurista, politólogo y político español que ha formado parte de varias listas y gobiernos del Partido Socialista Obrero Español."
 advisor_SPR_soria: "José Manuel Soria"
 SPR_soria: "José Manuel Soria"
 SPR_soria_desc: "José Manuel Soria López (Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Las Palmas, 5 de enero de 1958) es un político español que milita en las filas del Partido Popular de Canarias, del que fue presidente regional desde el 16 de julio de 1999 hasta el 15 de abril de 2016. Desde el 22 de diciembre de 2011 al 15 de abril de 2016 ocupó el cargo de ministro de Industria, Energía y Turismo del Gobierno de España. Fue el impulsor del controvertido Real Decreto sobre autoconsumo fotovoltaico. Esta norma incluye una serie de peajes, entre ellos, el llamado impuesto al sol, que grava el autoconsumo de la energía que se produce desde los paneles solares. Fue forzado a dimitir en abril de 2016 después de que estuviera relacionado con empresas en los papeles de Panamá."
 advisor_SPR_trillo: "Federico Trillo"
 SPR_trillo: "Federico Trillo"
 SPR_trillo_desc: "Federico Trillo-Figueroa y Martínez-Conde (Cartagena, 23 de mayo de 1952) es un jurista y político español perteneciente al Partido Popular. Fue Presidente del Congreso de los Diputados de España y ministro de Defensa. Desde marzo de 2012 hasta el 12 de enero de 2017 perteneció al Cuerpo Diplomático, como embajador de España en el Reino Unido."
 advisor_SPR_vega: "María Teresa Fernández de la Vega"
 SPR_vega: "María Teresa Fernández de la Vega"
 SPR_vega_desc: "María Teresa Fernández de la Vega Sanz (Valencia, 15 de junio de 1949) es una jueza y política española vinculada al PSOE, partido por el que ha sido elegida en diversas ocasiones diputada en el Congreso, y entre el 18 de abril de 2004 y el 21 de octubre de 2010, vicepresidenta del Gobierno, ministra de la Presidencia y portavoz del Gobierno."
 advisor_SPR_wert: "José Ignacio Wert"
 SPR_wert: "José Ignacio Wert"
 SPR_wert_desc: "José Ignacio Wert Orteganota (Madrid, 18 de febrero de 1950) es un político, profesor , abogado y diplomático español. El 22 de diciembre de 2011 fue nombrado ministro de Educación, Cultura y Deporte por el Rey a propuesta del presidente del Gobierno de España, Mariano Rajoy, cargo que ostentó hasta el 26 de junio de 2015, cuando fue sucedido por Íñigo Méndez de Vigo."
 advisor_SPR_zaplana: "Eduardo Zaplana"
 SPR_zaplana: "Eduardo Zaplana"
 SPR_zaplana_desc: "Eduardo Andrés Julio Zaplana Hernández-Soro (n. Cartagena, 3 de abril de 1956) ex político español. Fue alcalde de Benidorm, presidente de la Generalidad Valenciana, ministro de Trabajo y portavoz del Grupo Popular en la oposición en el Congreso. En la actualidad Eduardo Zaplana es Adjunto al Secretario General de la multinacional española Telefónica. El 24 de abril de 2017, fue investigado en la Operación Lezo por malversación de fondos públicos."
 SPR_re_industria: "Ministry of Industry"
 SPR_re_industria_desc: "The Ministry of Industry of Spain is a ministerial department with competences in industry."
 SPR_re_energia: "Ministry of Energy"
 SPR_re_energia_desc: "The Ministry of Energy of Spain is a ministerial department with competences in energy and telecommunications."
 SPR_re_economia: "Ministry of Economy"
 SPR_re_economia_desc: "The Ministry of Economy is a department of the General Administration responsible for suggesting and carrying out the Government policy in economic and reformative affairs in order to improve the competitiveness, the scientific research, the technological development and innovation in all areas, the commercial policy and the support to companies."
 SPR_re_hacienda: "Ministry of the Treasury"
 SPR_re_hacienda_desc: "The Ministry of the Treasury and Public Function (Spanish: Ministerio de Hacienda y Función Pública) is the Ministry responsible for developing and executing the government's public finance policy and executing the government's policy about the relationships between the government and the functionaries."
 SPR_re_agricultura: "Ministry of Agriculture"
 SPR_re_agricultura_desc: "The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Food and Environment (Spanish: Ministerio de Agricultura y Pesca, Alimentación y Medio Ambiente) also known as MAPAMA is a ministerial department of the Government of Spain. Its headquarters is in the Ministry of Agriculture Building, an emblematic nineteenth-century edifice located in Madrid, Spain."
 SPR_re_MOPU: "Ministry of Public Works"
 SPR_re_MOPU_desc: "The Ministry of Public Works (Spanish: Ministerio de Fomento) is the government ministry in Spain responsible for preparation and implementation of government policy on land transport infrastructure, air and maritime jurisdiction of state and control, management and regulation of administrative services transport, management and direction of all postal and telegraph services, the momentum and direction of state services related to astronomy, geodesy, geophysics and mapping and planning and programming of investments related to the services mentioned above."
 SPR_re_trabajo: "Ministry of Employment"
 SPR_re_trabajo_desc: "The Ministry of Employment and Social Security is the ministerial department of the Government of Spain with competences to develop the government's policy in Employment, Social Security, Foreigners, Immigration and Emigration."
 SPR_re_defensa: "Ministry of Defence"
 SPR_re_defensa_desc: "The Ministry of Defence (Spanish: Ministerio de Defensa) is a department of the Government of Spain. It is the administrative and executive body of the Spanish Armed Forces."
 SPR_re_presidencia: "Ministry of the Presidency"
 SPR_re_presidencia_desc: "The Ministry of the Presidency and for the Territorial Administrations, Spanish: Ministerio de la Presidencia y para las Administraciones Territoriales, is the ministerial department of the Government of Spain which assures the link between the different Ministries and with the President of the Government."
 SPR_re_interior: "Ministry of the Interior"
 SPR_re_interior_desc: "The Ministry of the Interior of Spain (Spanish: Ministerio del Interior) which historically could be known as Ministerio de la Gobernación, Ministerio del Orden Público, Ministerio del Interior y la Gobernación or Ministerio del Interior y Justicia is the executive branch responsible for policing, national security, immigration matters, prisons and road traffic safety."
 SPR_re_exterior: "Ministry of Foreign Affairs"
 SPR_re_exterior_desc: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Spain (Spanish: Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores y de Cooperación) is a department of the Government of Spain in charge of Spain's foreign relations."
 SPR_re_justicia: "Ministry of Justice"
 SPR_re_justicia_desc: "The Ministry of Justice (Spanish: Ministerio de Justicia) is a department of the Government of Spain."
 SPR_re_educacion: "Ministry of Education"
 SPR_re_educacion_desc: "Ministry of Education is the ministerial department which takes charge of Education and Research"
 SPR_re_cultura: "Ministry of Culture"
 SPR_re_cultura_desc: "Ministry of Culture is the ministerial department which takes charge of Culture."
 SPR_re_sanidad: "Ministry of Health"
 SPR_re_sanidad_desc: "The Ministry of Health, Social Services and Equality of Spain (Spanish: 'Ministerio de Sanidad, Servicios Sociales e Igualdad) is the ministerial department which takes charge of the health, social and equality policy. The ministry is headquartered in the Paseo del Prado in Madrid, opposite the Prado Museum."
 SPR_ns_ejercito: "Ministry of the Army"
 SPR_ns_ejercito_desc: "The Ministry of the Army is the ministerial department in charge of the army of land in Spain."
 SPR_ns_marina: "Ministry of the Navy"
 SPR_ns_marina_desc: "The Ministry of the Navy is the ministerial department in charge of the Navy in Spain."
 SPR_ns_aire: "Ministry of the Air"
 SPR_ns_aire_desc: "The Ministry of Air is the ministerial department in charge of civil and military aviation in Spain."
 SPR_ns_industria: "Ministry of Industry and Energy"
 SPR_ns_industria_desc: "The Ministry of Industry and Energy of Spain is a ministerial department with competencies in industry, energy and telecommunications."
 SPR_ns_hacienda: "Ministry of Finance"
 SPR_ns_hacienda_desc: "The Ministry of Finance of Spain is a ministerial department charged with various aspects related to public finances and budgets."
 SPR_ns_agricultura: "Ministry of Agriculture"
 SPR_ns_agricultura_desc: "The Ministry of Agriculture of Spain is a ministerial department with powers in agriculture and fisheries."
 SPR_ns_gobernacion: "Ministry of the Interior"
 SPR_ns_gobernacion_desc: "The Ministry of the Interior is a ministerial department with competencies in citizen security."
 SPR_ns_informacion: "Ministry of Information"
 SPR_ns_informacion_desc: "The Ministry of Information is a ministerial department responsible for controlling information, censorship1 of the press and radio."
 SPR_ns_justicia: "Ministry of Justice"
 SPR_ns_justicia_desc: "The Ministry of Justice of Spain is the current ministerial department with powers in Justice."
 SPR_ns_MOPU: "Ministry of Public Works and Urbanism"
 SPR_ns_MOPU_desc: "The Ministry of Public Works and Urbanism, also known by its initials MOPU, is a Spanish ministerial department in charge of regulating civil works in Spanish territory."
 SPR_ns_trabajo: "Ministry of Labor"
 SPR_ns_trabajo_desc: "The Ministry of Labor of Spain is a ministerial department with competencies in work."
 SPR_ns_sindical: "Ministry of Trade Unions"
 SPR_ns_sindical_desc: "The Ministry of Trade Unions is responsible for trade union issues, including the management and administration of the Vertical Trade Unions."
 SPR_ns_exterior: "Ministry of Foreign Affairs"
 SPR_ns_exterior_desc: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MAE) of Spain is a ministerial department in charge of foreign policy."
 SPR_ns_educacion: "Ministry of Education and Science"
 SPR_ns_educacion_desc: "The Ministry of Education and Science of Spain is a ministerial department with competencies in education and science."
 SPR_ns_sanidad: "Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs"
 SPR_ns_sanidad_desc: "The Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs of Spain is a ministerial department with competencies in health and consumption."
 SPR_rde_industria: "Ministries of the industries"
 SPR_rde_industria_desc: "The Ministries of the industries is a ministerial department with competences in industry."
 SPR_rde_energia: "Ministry for Energy and Telecommunications"
 SPR_rde_energia_desc: "The Ministry for Energy and Telecommunications is a ministerial department with competences in energy and telecommunications."
 SPR_rde_economia: "Ministry of the State Planning Commission"
 SPR_rde_economia_desc: "The Ministry of the State Planning Commission is a ministerial department in charge of various aspects related to economic planning."
 SPR_rde_hacienda: "Ministry of Finance"
 SPR_rde_hacienda_desc: "The Ministry of Finance (Spanish: Ministerio de Finanzas) is the Ministry responsible for developing and executing the government's public finance policy and executing the government's policy about the relationships between the government and the functionaries."
 SPR_rde_MOPU: "Ministry of Public Works"
 SPR_rde_MOPU_desc: "The Ministry of Public Works (Spanish: Ministerio de Obras Públicas) is the government ministry in Spain responsible for preparation and implementation of government policy on land transport infrastructure, air and maritime jurisdiction of state and control, management and regulation of administrative services transport, management and direction of all postal and telegraph services, the momentum and direction of state services related to astronomy, geodesy, geophysics and mapping and planning and programming of investments related to the services mentioned above."
 SPR_rde_IOC: "Minister and Chairman of the Workers' and Farmers' Inspection"
 SPR_rde_IOC_desc: "The Minister and Chairman of the Workers' and Farmers' Inspection is a monitoring institution in the RDE, which was subordinate to the PSUE Central Committee and the RDE Council of Ministers. It must ensure unconditional compliance with the decisions of the Party and the Government."
 SPR_rde_defensa: "Ministry of National Defense"
 SPR_rde_defensa_desc: "The Ministry of National Defense (MND) is the main administrative arm of the RDE People's Army. The headquarters of the Ministry is in the Paseo de la Castellana. The Lister Guard Regiment provides security and guard services to the Ministry. The Ministry also has its own publishing house."
 SPR_rde_seguridad_estado: "Ministry of State Security"
 SPR_rde_seguridad_estado_desc: "The Ministry for State Security is the official state security service of the Spanish Democratic Republic. The headquartered is in Madrid, with an extensive complex and several smaller facilities throughout the city. The motto is "Escudo y Espada del Partido" (Shield and Sword of the Party), referring to the ruling Socialist Unified Party of Spain."
 SPR_rde_interior: "Ministry of the Interior"
 SPR_rde_interior_desc: "The Ministry of the Interior of Spain (Spanish: Ministerio del Interior) which historically could be known as Ministerio de la Gobernación, Ministerio del Orden Público, Ministerio del Interior y la Gobernación or Ministerio del Interior y Justicia is the executive branch responsible for policing, national security, immigration matters, prisons and road traffic safety."
 SPR_rde_exterior: "Ministry of Foreign Affairs"
 SPR_rde_exterior_desc: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Spain (Spanish: Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores) is a department of the Government of Spain in charge of Spain's foreign relations."
 SPR_rde_justicia: "Ministry of Justice"
 SPR_rde_justicia_desc: "The Ministry of Justice (Spanish: Ministerio de Justicia) is a department of the Government of Spain."
 SPR_rde_educacion: "Ministry of National Education"
 SPR_rde_educacion_desc: "The Ministry of National Education is the ministerial department which takes charge of Education and Research."
 SPR_rde_ciencia: "Ministry of Science and Technology"
 SPR_rde_ciencia_desc: "The Ministry of Science and Technology is the ministerial department which takes charge of Research."
 SPR_rde_cultura: "Ministry of Culture"
 SPR_rde_cultura_desc: "Ministry of Culture is the ministerial department which takes charge of Culture."
 SPR_rde_sanidad: "Ministry of Health"
 SPR_rde_sanidad_desc: "The Ministry of Health (Spanish: 'Ministerio de Sanidad) is the ministerial department which takes charge of the health, social and equality policy. The ministry is headquartered in the Paseo del Prado in Madrid, opposite the Prado Museum."
 SPR_rse_economia: "People's Commissariat for Economic"
 SPR_rse_economia_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Economic is a ministerial department charged with various aspects related to economics and trade."
 SPR_rse_industria: "People's Commissariat for Industry"
 SPR_rse_industria_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Industry for Industry are the government offices in charge of industry."
 SPR_rse_energia: "People's Commissariat for Energía"
 SPR_rse_energia_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Energy are the government offices in charge of energy and telecommunications."
 SPR_rse_hacienda: "People's Commissariat for Finance"
 SPR_rse_hacienda_desc: "The People's Commissariat for for Finance is the government offices responsible for various aspects related to public finances and budgets."
 SPR_rse_agricultura: "People's Commissariat for Agriculture"
 SPR_rse_agricultura_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Agriculture is a ministerial department with powers in agriculture and fisheries."
 SPR_rse_defensa: "People's Commissariat for Defense"
 SPR_rse_defensa_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Defense is the current ministerial department in charge of defense policy and military administration."
 SPR_rse_interior: "People's Commissariat for Interior Affairs"
 SPR_rse_interior_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Interior Affairs are government offices with competencies in citizen security."
 SPR_rse_justicia: "People's Commissariat for Justice"
 SPR_rse_justicia_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Justice are the government offices in charge of Justice."
 SPR_rse_exterior: "People's Commissariat for Foreign Affairs"
 SPR_rse_exterior_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Foreign Affairs are the government offices in charge of foreign policy."
 SPR_rse_trabajo: "People's Commissariat for Labour"
 SPR_rse_trabajo_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Labour are the government offices responsible for relations between the proletariat and economic policy."
 SPR_rse_MOPU: "People's Commissariat for Public Works and Urbanism"
 SPR_rse_MOPU_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Public Works and Urbanism are the government offices in charge of executing civil works."
 SPR_rse_cultura: "People's Commissariat for Culture"
 SPR_rse_cultura_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Culture is a ministerial department with skills in culture."
 SPR_rse_educacion: "People's Commissariat for Education"
 SPR_rse_educacion_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Education and Science are government offices with competencies in education and science."
 SPR_rse_bienestar_social: "People's Commissariat for Social Welfare"
 SPR_rse_bienestar_social_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Social Welfare is a ministerial department with social welfare competencies."
 SPR_rse_sanidad: "People's Commissariat for Health"
 SPR_rse_sanidad_desc: "The People's Commissariat for Health and Consumer Affairs is a ministerial department with competencies in health and consumption."
 advisor_SPR_EMT_1: "Estado Mayor del Ejército de Tierra"
 advisor_SPR_EMT_2: "Estado Mayor del Ejército de Tierra"
 advisor_SPR_EMT_3: "Estado Mayor del Ejército de Tierra"
 advisor_SPR_EMT_4: "Estado Mayor del Ejército de Tierra"
 advisor_SPR_EMT_5: "Estado Mayor del Ejército de Tierra"
 advisor_SPR_EMA_1: "Estado Mayor de la Armada"
 advisor_SPR_EMA_2: "Estado Mayor de la Armada"
 advisor_SPR_EMA_3: "Estado Mayor de la Armada"
 advisor_SPR_EMA_4: "Estado Mayor de la Armada"
 advisor_SPR_EMA_5: "Estado Mayor de la Armada"
 advisor_SPR_EMEA_1: "Estado Mayor del Aire"
 advisor_SPR_EMEA_2: "Estado Mayor del Aire"
 advisor_SPR_EMEA_3: "Estado Mayor del Aire"
 advisor_SPR_EMEA_4: "Estado Mayor del Aire"
 advisor_SPR_EMEA_5: "Estado Mayor del Aire"
 #Ideas
 SPR_sm_juan_carlos_I: "Don Juan Carlos I"
 SPR_sm_juan_carlos_I_desc: "S.M. Don Juan Carlos I De Borbón y Borbón, Rey de España, Rey de Castilla, de León, de Aragón, de las Dos Sicilias, de Jerusalén, de Navarra, de Granada, de Toledo, de Valencia, de Galicia, de Cerdeña, de Córdoba, de Córcega, de Murcia, de Jaén, de los Algarves, de Algerciras, de Gibraltar, de las Islas Canarias, de las Indias Orientales y Occidentales, de las Islas y Tierra Firme del Mar Océano; Archiduque de Austria; Duque de Borgoña, de Brabante, de Milán, de Atenas y Neopatria; Conde de Habsburgo, de Flandes, del Tirol, del Rosellón, y de Barcelona; Señor de Vizcaya y de Molina; Capitán General de las Reales Fuerzas Armadas y su Comandante Supremo; Soberano Gran maestre de la Insigne Orden del Toisón de Oro, y de cuantas Ordenes discierne el Estado Español..."
 SPR_sm_felipe_VI: "Don Felipe VI"
 SPR_sm_felipe_VI_desc: "S.M. Don Felipe VI De Borbón y Grecia, Rey de España, Rey de Castilla, de León, de Aragón, de las Dos Sicilias, de Jerusalén, de Navarra, de Granada, de Toledo, de Valencia, de Galicia, de Cerdeña, de Córdoba, de Córcega, de Murcia, de Jaén, de los Algarves, de Algerciras, de Gibraltar, de las Islas Canarias, de las Indias Orientales y Occidentales, de las Islas y Tierra Firme del Mar Océano; Conde de Austria; Duque de Borgoña, de Brabante, de Milán, de Atenas y Neopatria; Conde de Habsburgo, de Flandes, del Tirol, del Rosellón, y de Barcelona; Señor de Vizcaya y de Molina; Capitán General de las Reales Fuerzas Armadas y su Comandante Supremo; Soberano Gran maestre de la Insigne Orden del Toisón de Oro, y de cuantas Ordenes discierne el Estado Español..."
 SPR_sm_enrique_V: "Don Enrique V"
 SPR_sm_enrique_V_desc: "S.M.C. Don Enrique V de Borbón-Parma y Borbón-Busset, Rey de las Españas, Rey de Castilla, de León, de Aragón, de las Dos Sicilias, de Jerusalén, de Navarra, de Granada, de Toledo, de Valencia, de Galicia, de Cerdeña, de Córdoba, de Córcega, de Murcia, de Jaén, de los Algarves, de Algerciras, de Gibraltar, de las Islas Canarias, de las Indias Orientales y Occidentales, de las Islas y Tierra Firme del Mar Océano; Archiduque de Austria; Duque de Borgoña, de Brabante, de Milán, de Atenas y Neopatria; Conde de Habsburgo, de Flandes, del Tirol, del Rosellón, y de Barcelona; Señor de Vizcaya y de Molina; Capitán General de las Reales Fuerzas Armadas y su Comandante Supremo; Soberano Gran maestre de la Insigne Orden del Toisón de Oro, y de cuantas Ordenes discierne el Estado Español..."
 SPR_sm_carlos_VIII: "Don Carlos VIII"
 SPR_sm_carlos_VIII_desc: "S.M.C. Don Carlos VIII de Aviano y de Savoya-Aosta, Rey de las Españas, Rey de Castilla, de León, de Aragón, de las Dos Sicilias, de Jerusalén, de Navarra, de Granada, de Toledo, de Valencia, de Galicia, de Cerdeña, de Córdoba, de Córcega, de Murcia, de Jaén, de los Algarves, de Algerciras, de Gibraltar, de las Islas Canarias, de las Indias Orientales y Occidentales, de las Islas y Tierra Firme del Mar Océano; Archiduque de Austria-Este; Príncipe Imperial de Austria, Príncipe Real de Hungría y Bohemia, Príncipe de Bélgica; Duque de Borgoña, de Brabante, de Milán, de Atenas y Neopatria; Conde de Habsburgo, de Flandes, del Tirol, del Rosellón, y de Barcelona; Señor de Vizcaya y de Molina; Capitán General de las Reales Fuerzas Armadas y su Comandante Supremo; Soberano Gran maestre de la Insigne Orden del Toisón de Oro, y de cuantas Ordenes discierne el Estado Español...""
 SPR_sm_carlos_IX: "Don Carlos IX"
 SPR_sm_carlos_IX_desc: "S.M.C. Don Carlos IX de Aviano y de Austria-Este,  Rey de las Españas, Rey de Castilla, de León, de Aragón, de las Dos Sicilias, de Jerusalén, de Navarra, de Granada, de Toledo, de Valencia, de Galicia, de Cerdeña, de Córdoba, de Córcega, de Murcia, de Jaén, de los Algarves, de Algerciras, de Gibraltar, de las Islas Canarias, de las Indias Orientales y Occidentales, de las Islas y Tierra Firme del Mar Océano; Archiduque de Austria-Este; Príncipe Imperial de Austria, Príncipe Real de Hungría y Bohemia, Príncipe de Bélgica; Duque de Borgoña, de Brabante, de Milán, de Atenas y Neopatria; Conde de Habsburgo, de Flandes, del Tirol, del Rosellón, y de Barcelona; Señor de Vizcaya y de Molina; Capitán General de las Reales Fuerzas Armadas y su Comandante Supremo; Soberano Gran maestre de la Insigne Orden del Toisón de Oro, y de cuantas Ordenes discierne el Estado Español..."
 SPR_actividad_armada_ETA: "Euskadi Ta Askatasuna"
 SPR_actividad_armada_ETA_desc: "ETA, an acronym for Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (Basque: "Basque Homeland and Liberty"), is a formerly armed leftist Basque nationalist and separatist organization in the Basque Country (in northern Spain and southwestern France). The group was founded in 1959 and later evolved from a group promoting traditional Basque culture to a paramilitary group engaged in a violent campaign of bombing, assassinations and kidnappings in the Southern Basque Country and throughout Spanish territory. Its goal was gaining independence for the Basque Country. ETA is the main group within the Basque National Liberation Movement and is the most important Basque participant in the Basque conflict. Since 1968, it has killed over 820 people (including 340 civilians) and injured thousands more. ETA is proscribed as a terrorist group by Spain, France, the United Kingdom, the United States, and the European Union. This convention is followed by a plurality of domestic and international media, which also refer to the group as "terrorists". There are more than 300 imprisoned members of the group in Spain, France, and other countries. ETA's motto is Bietan jarrai ("Keep up on both"), referring to the two figures in its symbol, a snake (representing politics) wrapped around an axe (representing armed struggle)."
 SPR_corruption_idea: "Corruption"
 SPR_corruption_idea_desc: "The Spanish political system is much less stable and impartial than comparable European systems. Cronyism, patronage and nepotism are enormous problems in the Administration and the judiciary."
 SPR_flujos_migratorios: "Migratory Flows"
 SPR_flujos_migratorios_desc: "The law on foreigners is the name with which the Organic Law 4/2000, of January 11, on the Rights and Freedoms of Foreigners in Spain and its Social Integration, modified by LO 8/2000, 14/2003 and 2/2009. It is the Spanish rule that regulates the entry and stay of non-EU foreigners in Spanish territory, as well as the rights and freedoms that are recognized. Its current Development Regulation was approved by Royal Decree 2393/2004 of 30 December. On 30 June 2011 it will be replaced by the new Development Regulation, approved by Royal Decree 557/2011, of 20 April (BOE of 30 April). The Law comprises seventy-one articles structured in five titles. The Preliminary Title contains general provisions and the others refer respectively to the rights and freedoms of foreigners, their legal regime, violations of aliens and the sanctioning procedure and coordination of public powers. Traditionally, Spain has been a country of emigration, so legislative production has focused on this area, while legislation relating to foreigners was fragmentary. The first attempt to alleviate this occurred with Organic Law 7/1985, of 1 July, on the Rights and Freedoms of Foreigners, which was strongly criticized1 for its police treatment of the migratory phenomenon, its restrictive regulation on the rights of Foreigners and the poor legal technique that showed. Spain, which was soon to join the then European Community, tried to avoid becoming the gateway to the continent: some social organizations denounced that it was the hardest norm in Europe. The Law was the subject of an unconstitutionality appeal, settled by Constitutional Court Judgment 115/1987, of July 7, which overturned several precepts of the norm and marked a change of constitutional doctrine regarding foreigners towards a more progressive line. The deficiencies of the Law and the transformation of the migratory phenomenon in Spain at the end of the 1980s and in the 1990s showed the need for a new law adapted to the circumstances, favoring immigration in order to reduce the labor force by increasing Their available number. Since 2000, Spain has exhibited one of the highest annual immigration rates in the world (three to four times higher than the average rate in the United States, eight times more than in France, and in 2005 it was only surpassed in relative terms In the European continent by Cyprus and Andorra.)"
 SPR_emigracion_africana: "African Immigration"
 SPR_emigracion_africana_desc: "In 2004 was recorded the first assault to the fence, in Melilla. Since then, the pressure on the border of Ceuta and Melilla has registered multiple variations. 2005 was a critical year and gave rise to what was called "crisis of the fences". That year, more than 5,500 immigrants accessed Spanish territory through the fences of Ceuta and Melilla, and attempts were made to mass assault with several groups of up to 600 immigrants jumping simultaneously. However, 2006 was the year of the so-called "cayucos crisis". The Spanish coasts were overflowed with the arrival of 39,180 irregular, mainly Canaries. For a long time the Moroccans constituted the first important foreign community, around one million, but in 2007 (which has experienced a setback in recent years due to the granting of Spanish nationality to tens of thousands of Moroccan citizens) became the Second largest community after Romanians. Moroccans have spread throughout the national territory. Sub-Saharan immigration in Spain was always quantitatively very limited. This situation began to change in the 1990s, when a greater influx of Africans from southern Sahara began to arrive in Melilla. In January 1998, some 36,000 people were born in sub-Saharan Africa, but it would not be until the years after the 1996 regularization of the first "boom" of sub-Saharan immigration and its access to the Spanish labor market, Which will focus mainly on sectors such as agriculture, construction, services and street commerce, sectors characterized by low wages and precarious employment conditions. Between January 1998 and January 2003, the arrival of sub-Saharan immigrants has tripled to 110,000. In 2010 the figure is 237 309 and all the variables indicate a trend towards the diversification of the countries of origin. Irregularity and family reunification have been the most widely used forms of access to Spain, which means that the first years in Spain are characterized by precariousness and access to the informal labor market."
 SPR_going_fascist1: "Drift towards Authoritharianism"
 SPR_going_fascist1_desc: "Our country is drifting towards Authoritharianism"
 SPR_going_fascist2: "Drift towards Fascism"
 SPR_going_fascist2_desc: "Our country is drifting towards Fascism"
 SPR_NS_arriba_espana_idea: "Volverán banderas victoriosas"
 SPR_NS_sindicato_vertical_idea: "Sindicato Vertical"
 SPR_espiritu_nacional_idea: "Formación del Espíritu Nacional"
 SPR_SCPM_idea: "Military Penitentiary Colonial Service"
 SPR_colonia_penitenciaria_idea: "Military Penitentiary Colonies"
 SPR_colonia_penitenciaria_idea_desc: "All of them are coordinated by the so-called Militarized Penitentiary Colonies Service (SCPM) and are part of the instruments of repression."
 SPR_seccion_femenina_idea: "Sección Femenina"
 SPR_nacional_sindicalismo_idea: "Estado Nacional-Sindicalista"
 SPR_crecimiento_economico_idea: "Economic Growth"
 SPR_peseta_banco_central_idea: "Peseta"
 SPR_peseta_patron_plata_idea: "Peseta - Silver System"
 SPR_peseta_patron_oro_idea: "Peseta - Gold System"
 SPR_fomento_industrializacion_idea: "Promotion of Industrialization"
 SPR_NS_industria_pesada_idea: "Promotion of the Heavy Industry"
 SPR_NS_renovables_idea: "Renewable Energy Promotion"
 SPR_mejora_agraria_idea: "Agricultural Improvement"
 SPR_NS_terratenientes_idea: "Support to Landowners"
 SPR_NS_campesinado_idea: "Support to the Peasantry"
 SPR_NS_miracle_industry_idea: "Spanish Economic Miracle"
 SPR_NS_influencia_fascista_idea: "Fascist Influence"
 SPR_NS_national_research_idea: "Spanish National Research Council"
 SPR_NS_national_research_idea_desc: "The Spanish National Research Council (Spanish: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, CSIC) is the largest public institution dedicated to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. Its main objective is to develop and promote research that will help bring about scientific and technological progress, and it is prepared to collaborate with Spanish and foreign entities in order to achieve this aim. CSIC plays an important role in scientific and technological policy, since it encompasses an area that takes in everything from basic research to the transfer of knowledge to the productive sector. Its research is driven by its centres and institutes, which are spread across all the autonomous regions. CSIC has 6% of all the staff dedicated to Research and Development in Spain, and they generate approximately 20% of all scientific production in the country. It also manages a range of important facilities; the most complete and extensive network of specialist libraries, and also has joint research units."
 SPR_NS_seguridad_social_idea: "Social Security"
 SPR_NS_seguridad_social_idea_desc: "The social security system (Spanish: seguridad social) in Spain is its principal system of social protection. Its purpose is to guarantee specific and individualized social benefits, to deal with certain contingencies that can place the person (and those who depend on it) in a situation of need."
 SPR_NS_nacionalizacion_banca_idea: "Nationalize the Banking"
 SPR_NS_nacionalizacion_banca_idea_desc: "We defend the tendency to nationalize the Banking service and, through corporations, to that of large public services."
 SPR_fascist_influencing: "Fascist Hegemony"
 SPR_NS_investigacion_tecnologia_idea: "Research and Technology"
 SPR_NS_investigacion_genetica_idea: "Genetic Research"
 SPR_NS_investigacion_informatica_idea: "Cybernetic Research"
 SPR_NS_inversion_id_idea: "Investment in R&D"
 SPR_NS_poltica_salarial_idea: "Wage Policy"
 SPR_NS_productividad_competitividad_idea: "Improving Productivity and Competitiveness"
 SPR_planes_desarrollo_1_idea: "First Development Plan"
 SPR_planes_desarrollo_2_idea: "Second Development Plan"
 SPR_planes_desarrollo_3_idea: "Third Development Plan"
 SPR_NS_INTA_idea: "INTA"
 SPR_NS_INTA_idea_desc: "The Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial (INTA, English: National Institute of Aerospace Technology) is Spain's space agency. It was founded in 1942, as the Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeronáutica (National Institute of Aeronautics), and has its headquarters in Torrejón de Ardoz, near Madrid. Its two main areas of activity are research and development (for example, in propulsion, materials, remote sensing) and certification and testing (for example, in aircraft, software, metrology)."
 SPR_NS_CIEMAT_idea: "CIEMAT"
 SPR_NS_CIEMAT_idea_desc: "It is a Spanish public agency research of excellence in energy and environmental matters, as well as in multiple cutting-edge technologies and in some areas of basic research, attached to the Secretariat of State for research, development and innovation of the Ministry of economy and competitiveness of Spain."
 SPR_NS_plus_ultra_diplomacia_idea: "Plus Ultra"
 SPR_NS_plus_ultra_diplomacia_idea_desc: "This motto was used to encourage sailors to challenge and forget the ancient Greek mythology warning that Hercules had placed two pillars in the Strait of Gibraltar, and was believed to be the boundary of the World, the last frontier that the Navigators of the Mediterranean could reach. It was the Non Terrae Plus Ultra in reference to Finisterre, but this motto lost its symbolic power as a result of Christopher Columbus arriving in the West Indies across the Atlantic Ocean in 1492. Since then, Has been the motto of Spain."
 SPR_NS_plus_ultra_militar_idea: "Plus Ultra"
 SPR_NS_plus_ultra_militar_idea_desc: "This motto was used to encourage sailors to challenge and forget the ancient Greek mythology warning that Hercules had placed two pillars in the Strait of Gibraltar, and was believed to be the boundary of the World, the last frontier that the Navigators of the Mediterranean could reach. It was the Non Terrae Plus Ultra in reference to Finisterre, but this motto lost its symbolic power as a result of Christopher Columbus arriving in the West Indies across the Atlantic Ocean in 1492. Since then, Has been the motto of Spain."
 SPR_going_monarchist: "Drift towards Monarchism"
 SPR_going_monarchist_desc: "Our country is drifting towards Monarchism"
 SPR_restauracion_monarquica_idea: "¡Viva el Rey!"
 SPR_restauracion_monarquica_idea_desc: "¡Viva España! ¡Viva el Rey!"
 SPR_manufactura_real_idea: "Royal Factory"
 SPR_manufactura_real_idea_desc: "The real manufactures are the industrial installations that were founded on the initiative of the absolute monarchs during the Old Regime, as a result of the application of the mercantilist policy. Many of them were dedicated to the manufacture of luxury objects, for the first consumption of the royal palaces."
 SPR_neo_mercantilismo_idea: "Neomercantilism"
 SPR_neo_mercantilismo_idea_desc: "Neomercantilism is a policy regime that encourages exports, discourages imports, controls capital movement, and centralizes currency decisions in the hands of a central government. The objective of neo-mercantilist policies is to increase the level of foreign reserves held by the government, allowing more effective monetary policy and fiscal policy."
 SPR_estado_social_idea: "Welfare State"
 SPR_estado_social_idea_desc: "It is considered that the social State is a socio-political-economic system defined by a set of legal, political and economic conditions. In general terms most authors of philosophy of law agree that a social state of law aims to strengthen services and guarantee rights, considered essential to maintain the standard of living necessary to participate as a full member in society."
 SPR_reales_academias_idea: "Royal Academies"
 SPR_reales_academias_idea_desc: "Are Spanish institutions of research and cultural, scientific and artistic dissemination. Many of them arose during the Enlightenment covered by the Crown as a way of establishing a centralized system of cultural institutions parallel to that formed by universities, which were seen as uncontrollable medieval vestiges by the State."
 SPR_parliament_dismantled_idea: "Parliament Dismantled"
 SPR_parliament_dismantled_idea_desc: "We must limit parliamentary practice to the new Spanish reality, will need more patriotic than professional politicians."
 SPR_constitucion_monarquica_idea: "Estatuto Fundamental de la Monarquía"
 SPR_constitucion_monarquica_idea_desc: "It consists of 104 articles grouped in 10 titles. It is based on three principles that are considered immutable as established in article 102: "The unity of the Spanish State, the subsistence of the hereditary constitutional Monarchy as a form of government and the attribution of Legislative Power to the king with the Cortes, No case be subject to review '. It denies the national sovereignty held by the State "as a permanent organ of the Nation"."
 SPR_valores_tradicionales_idea: "Traditional Values"
 SPR_valores_tradicionales_idea_desc: "They emphasize the value of the Catholic Monarchy, the ties of kinship, the hierarchy of society, obedience to authority, and defense of the traditional family."
 SPR_royal_national_research_idea: "Spanish National Research Council"
 SPR_royal_national_research_idea_desc: "The Spanish National Research Council (Spanish: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, CSIC) is the largest public institution dedicated to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. Its main objective is to develop and promote research that will help bring about scientific and technological progress, and it is prepared to collaborate with Spanish and foreign entities in order to achieve this aim. CSIC plays an important role in scientific and technological policy, since it encompasses an area that takes in everything from basic research to the transfer of knowledge to the productive sector. Its research is driven by its centres and institutes, which are spread across all the autonomous regions. CSIC has 6% of all the staff dedicated to Research and Development in Spain, and they generate approximately 20% of all scientific production in the country. It also manages a range of important facilities; the most complete and extensive network of specialist libraries, and also has joint research units."
 SPR_plus_ultra_militar_idea: "Plus Ultra"
 SPR_plus_ultra_militar_idea_desc: "This motto was used to encourage sailors to challenge and forget the ancient Greek mythology warning that Hercules had placed two pillars in the Strait of Gibraltar, and was believed to be the boundary of the World, the last frontier that the Navigators of the Mediterranean could reach. It was the Non Terrae Plus Ultra in reference to Finisterre, but this motto lost its symbolic power as a result of Christopher Columbus arriving in the West Indies across the Atlantic Ocean in 1492. Since then, Has been the motto of Spain."
 SPR_plus_ultra_diplomacia_idea: "Plus Ultra"
 SPR_plus_ultra_diplomacia_idea_desc: "This motto was used to encourage sailors to challenge and forget the ancient Greek mythology warning that Hercules had placed two pillars in the Strait of Gibraltar, and was believed to be the boundary of the World, the last frontier that the Navigators of the Mediterranean could reach. It was the Non Terrae Plus Ultra in reference to Finisterre, but this motto lost its symbolic power as a result of Christopher Columbus arriving in the West Indies across the Atlantic Ocean in 1492. Since then, Has been the motto of Spain."
 SPR_guardia_real_idea: "Guardia Real"
 SPR_guardia_real_idea_desc: "The Royal Guard (Guardia Real) is an independent unit of the Spanish Armed Forces dedicated to the military protection of H.M. the King of Spain and the members of the Spanish Royal Family. It currently has a strength of 1,900 troops. While the guard does participate in parades and other ceremonial events, it is a fully functional combat unit. Its members are recruited from the ranks of all three branches of the Spanish Armed Forces and receive the same combat training as regular soldiers. The guard contains a diverse mix of units; a Royal Marines company from the Navy, a Paratroop company from the Air Force and an infantry company from the Army among others. Some units have served recently in Afghanistan and Bosnia. The history of the Royal Guard dates back to medieval times. The senior unit and one of the oldest body guards in the world is the Corps of Gentlemen of the Chamber, the "Monteros de Espinosa", dating to 1006 and created by Sancho Garcia of the House of Castile. In addition to the protection of the members of Spanish Royal Family, the present functions of the unit include protection of foreign Heads of State visiting to Spain and of royal palaces such as the Royal Palace of Madrid, the Palace of El Pardo, the Palacio de la Zarzuela."
 SPR_monarchist_influence: "Legado Borbónico"
 SPR_monarchist_influence_desc: "His Majesty the King has stated in the Council of the Kingdom that following the example of The Hundred Thousand Sons of St. Louis we must now support the restoration of the reign of the House of Bourbon in France in the Legitimist branch represented by Luis Alfonso de Borbón, future Luis XX of France."
 SPR_going_democratic: "Drift towards Democracy"
 SPR_going_democratic_desc: "Our country is drifting towards Democracy"
 SPR_privatizaciones_idea: "Privatizations in Spain"
 SPR_privatizaciones_idea_desc: "Aznar disposed of the crown jewels: Endesa, Tabacalera (now in Altadis), Repsol, Telefonica, Argentaria or Gas Natural, something that had already begun his predecessor in office. Only a year after winning the elections, in 1997, the PP began to sell. Under his mandate, the main companies in sectors of major importance in the Spanish economy, such as electricity, gas, oil, transport, telecommunications, were privatized. In total, some 50 companies were privatized, leaving an income of 30 billion euros Euros, of which more than 22,000 million correspond to IPOs. In 1996, the deficit was 5.5% and public debt amounted to 67.4%. According to the University of Oviedo study cited above, with Felipe González, the annual revenues obtained from privatizations represented only 10% of the deficit, while in 1997 and 1998 (with Aznar) the proportion increased to 60-75% , "Which contributed to the reduction of the deficit and public debt and to enable Spain to meet the Maastricht requirement of reducing the fiscal deficit to below 3% of GDP. Not everyone agrees with this supposed economic miracle of Aznar, since privatizations usually serve to reduce the level of public debt but not the structural deficit, since they only produce income in the year of sale. Aznar, the king of privatizations, later found accommodation in one of the companies he privatized, Endesa. As much other ex-politics. Managing the transition from traditionally industrial economies to the euphemistic "knowledge economy" has focused on the privatization and liberalization of large public enterprises and so-called strategic sectors such as energy, supplies, transport, infrastructure and telecommunications . The flexibility of the labor market, which is supposed to favor labor mobility in this transition process, has remained in a gross (un) regulation, deepened with the excuse of the current crisis, reducing the cost of labor and increasing labor precariousness."
 SPR_liberalizacion_economia_idea: "Economic Liberalization"
 SPR_liberalizacion_economia_idea_desc: "Managing the transition from traditionally industrial economies to the euphemistic "knowledge economy" has focused on the privatization and liberalization of large public enterprises and so-called strategic sectors such as energy, supplies, transport, infrastructure and telecommunications . The flexibility of the labor market, which is supposed to favor labor mobility in this transition process, has remained in a gross (un) regulation, deepened with the excuse of the current crisis, reducing the cost of labor and increasing labor precariousness."
 SPR_burbuja_inmobiliaria_idea: "Expansive Phase: The Euro Entry"
 SPR_burbuja_inmobiliaria_idea_desc: "Economic indexes began to rise from 1995, bringing an expansionary phase that lasted until early 2008, with an average annual GDP increase of 3.5%, which has been the period of highest growth since 1975. The reasons Which have been enunciated mainly as drivers of this prolonged period of economic boom were basically two: First, the incorporation of Spain to the Monetary Union. The entry into force of the second phase of the Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union in 1994 led to a drop in interest rates, which was accentuated by the introduction of the euro as an official currency instead of the peseta. In 2002. The fall in interest rates and the absence of exchange rate risk within the euro zone led to negative real interest rates and encouraged an increase in investor confidence and a Which led to an increase in the demand for housing and durable consumer goods and subsequently to an increase in investment and employment of companies favored by this increased demand. This fall in interest rates also led to the birth of the so-called housing bubble, which inflated the price of housing with increases during this period of more than 30% in real terms. The second cause of Spain's expansion was a massive influx of immigrants, mainly from 2002, attracted by a growing demand for employment in the construction sector and some low-level basic services such as hospitality and domestic service. This arrival brought a new impulse to consumption and Spanish investment and at the same time prevented bottlenecks due to lack of labor in certain sectors. These factors were capable of overcoming an international period characterized by rising energy and other commodity prices as well as the development of increasing international competition. At the end of 2007, typical problems of an excess of global demand with a dragged inflation higher in a point to the one of the eurozone, a very swollen housing bubble and a large deficit of the balance were evident in the economy of Spain. By the current account, which became the second highest in the world, after the United States, caused by the very strong increase in investment in Spain that resulted in a high foreign indebtedness, also came this year with an economy Very unbalanced towards the construction sector and inefficient with a very deteriorated productivity that together made unsustainable the maintenance of the growth rates carried until that year."
 SPR_ibex_idea: "The Metamorphosis of Ibex"
 SPR_ibex_idea_desc: "In its origins, the Ibex was a faithful reflection of an economy immersed in a deep process of adjustment and modernization to achieve convergence with the European countries. In this, two very regulated sectors, the banking and the electric ones, had a very significant weight - both represented more than 70% of the index - and the public sector was very present through companies like Telefónica, Endesa, Iberia, Repsol or Tabacalera. The 35 companies present in those first measures of the index had a joint value equivalent to 51,382 million euros. Twenty-five years later, the Ibex 35 has multiplied by more than ten its capitalization, figures that speak clearly of the growth experienced in this period by the Spanish economy and its companies and which has also been reflected in a revaluation of the rate of 255% - 790% if you take into account the dividends paid by your companies. One sector has managed to maintain almost unchanged its preponderance in the selective index of the Spanish stock market: the banking sector. At the outset, Banco Central Hispano, BBV, Santander, Banesto and Banco Exterior were among the top ten index values. Through mergers and internationalization processes, the financial sector has lighted some of the largest companies in the Spanish market. The witness of Telefónica as the most valuable company of the Ibex has been collected by Inditex. The textile company has been one of the most noteworthy success stories in the Spanish market in recent years and has reached a market value close to 100,000 million euros. Firms such as Iberdrola, Endesa and Repsol are today among the most important of the Ibex 35. And others, such as Gas Natural and Red Eléctrica, which were not present in the origins of the selective also currently has a considerable weight."
 SPR_fundaciones_idea: "The Tentacles of the «Real Politik»"
 SPR_fundaciones_idea_desc: "PP and PSOE have gone from having different institutions to coordinating them around an important think tank. In this work, the innovation was marked by José María Aznar and his Foundation for Analysis and Social Studies (FAES), when, at the end of 2002, five foundations linked to the Popular Party were integrated, leaving only the NGO Humanism And Democracy. A similar process would now be underway for the Pablo Iglesias Foundation, Spanish in the World, Jaime Vera, System and Global Progress, institutions that are closer to the PSOE and could be integrated into Equality, Rights, Ecology, Action and Solidarity, which form the acronym IDEAS. Will soon become the socialist reflection of the popular think tank. They exist in all the countries that have had some imperialist objective in its history, like United States, France or Spain. But this legacy is not only in the hands of party organizations. These foundations are divided between public ones, created directly by the State, like the Instituto Cervantes or the Carolina Foundation; And the private ones, related to parties, companies and Church. In organizations linked to the parties themselves or to the state itself, the participation of large companies is crucial for their financing, either with managers on their boards or with the direct presence of multinationals, such as the Carolina Foundation, Which together with AECI's money has the contributions of Santander, BBVA, Endesa, PRISA and, thus, to a total of 25 Spanish multinationals. With different means but similar objectives are other institutions like the Cervantes Institute or related NGOs, such as Solidarity (PSOE) or Humanism and Democracy (PP). The Cervantes, along with the Spanish language, exports the venerable image of parliamentary monarchy, the Transition and all the transcendental questions of State. An example of this is the absence of Cervantes in the territories of the former Spanish province of Western Sahara, while there are five of its centers in Morocco, which occupied the former colony."
 SPR_european_logistics_goods: "European Logistics"
 SPR_corruption_EU_idea: "Corruption"
 SPR_corruption_EU_idea_desc: "The Spanish political system is much less stable and impartial than comparable European systems. Cronyism, patronage and nepotism are enormous problems in the Administration and the judiciary."
 SPR_UE_FEDER_retirada_idea: "Brussels blocks the ERDF"
 SPR_UE_FEDER_retirada_idea: "The European Commission keeps € 1,122 million blocked in European subsidies to Spain after detecting serious deficiencies and irregularities in the control carried out by the agencies that manage the application and justification of these projects. This amount corresponds to ERDF (European Regional Development Fund) funds, with which Europe finances infrastructures and development initiatives in the field of transport, energy, environment or research. There are currently 15 ERDF fund management bodies with amounts retained by the European Commission due to non-compliance. There are ministries (Economy, Industry, Agriculture ...), public business entities such as the ICEX, and regional governments (Madrid, Castile and Leon, Melilla). The Ministry of Finance, which is responsible for evaluating and managing European subsidies, says that this type of irregularities are "usual" and that Spain is the country with the highest funding, more funding and more bodies Has been managing them. A spokeswoman pointed out that for the next ERDF period, "the simplification of the management system" has been contemplated "from 150 intermediary organizations to only 12"."
 SPR_UE_FEDER_renegociado_idea: "Brussels negotiates the ERDF"
 SPR_UE_FEDER_renegociado_idea: "The most recently adhered countries (with the exception of Portugal and Greece) are the countries which, for the most recent programming period, will receive priority in the reception of the Cohesion Funds and Structural Funds (ERDF and ESF). Eastern Europe."
 SPR_crisis_deuda_soberana_idea: "Eurozone crisis"
 SPR_crisis_deuda_soberana_idea_desc: "In the 2008 crisis, European creditors raise the need for indebted countries to repay debt (this is reinforced because large European banks are the main creditors), forcing them to seek financial support from the EU. To grant it, the EU will require them to implement harsh austerity programs, the destruction of the welfare state to try and (and achieve) detachment from the existing social Europe, and weakening democracy, thereby reducing the standard of living of classes Popular. What does not stimulate but slows production, and stops growth. That is, the pressure from the central countries to pay off debts causes the destruction of productive facilities and reduces production, and therefore generates the inability to pay of indebted countries."
 SPR_gran_recesion_idea: "Great Recession in Spain"
 SPR_gran_recesion_idea_desc: "The main cause of Spain's crisis was the housing bubble and the accompanying unsustainable high GDP growth rate. The ballooning tax revenues from the booming property investment and construction sectors kept the Spanish government's revenue in surplus, despite strong increases in expenditure, until 2007. The Spanish government supported the critical development by relaxing supervision of the financial sector and thereby allowing the banks to violate International Accounting Standards Board standards. The banks in Spain were able to hide losses and earnings volatility, mislead regulators, analysts, and investors, and thereby finance the Spanish real estate bubble. The results of the crisis were devastating for Spain, including a strong economic downturn, a severe increase in unemployment, and bankruptcies of major companies."
 SPR_UE_rescate_neoliberal_idea: "Neoliberal Rescue"
 SPR_UE_rescate_neoliberal_idea_desc: "Those who have power and those who cooperate with them are clear about their model of exit from the crisis, consisting of a permanent deterioration of the working conditions, salaries, social benefits and life forms of the majority of the western countries."
 SPR_UE_rescate_poderosos_idea: "Rescue of the Mighty"
 SPR_UE_rescate_poderosos_idea_desc: "In this crisis it seems that the owners of capital have understood that for them the way out of it is by limiting the living standards of the populations for the benefit of the capitalist classes and the political, technical, and political elites. Very high officials at your service."
 SPR_estabilidad_presupuestaria_idea: "Balanced Budget"
 SPR_estabilidad_presupuestaria_idea_desc: "The Spanish constitutional reform of 2011 amended article 135 of the current Constitution establishing in the text the concept of budgetary stability and that the payment of public debt was the first to pay against any other government expenditure in the general budget, without amendment Or possible modification. The entry into force of part of the article is delayed to 2020. The reform proposal was made on August 23, 2011 by the then President of the Government, the socialist José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero. The reform had the support of the two major parties, Partido Popular and Partido Socialista Obrero Español, as well as by Unión del Pueblo Navarro. Since PSOE and PP jointly had more than 90% of deputies and senators in this legislature, and since it was a reform by ordinary process, a referendum was not necessary."  spain.79.t: "Spanish Real Estate Crisis"
 SPR_crisis_inmobiliaria_idea: "Spanish Real Estate Crisis"
 SPR_crisis_inmobiliaria_idea_desc: "The origin of this crisis, framed in the context of a global economic-financial crisis, was strongly influenced by the strong adjustment of the construction industry after the bursting of the housing bubble. It is considered that the housing bubble began during the government of J. M. Aznar, in the years before Zapatero's term. The lowering of the price of housing coupled with unemployment means that many citizens can not take over their mortgages, or even sell their real estate. This situation occurs because in areas where prices have been "inflated" much, the current price of housing is lower than the mortgage debt incurred. Thus, numerous embargoes of local and second homes, as well as evictions of first homes are being carried out during this period of crisis."
 SPR_crisis_bancaria_idea: "Crisis of the Banking System"
 SPR_crisis_bancaria_idea_desc: "Sunday March 29, 2009. Panic takes over the Government of Spain and the financial sector. The Bank of Spain has to intervene Caja Castilla-La Mancha (CCM) before the refusal of Unicaja to absorb it. The Council of Ministers meets urgently, because the bankrupt laws of banking resolution of the moment so require. There is much fear of a massive withdrawal of deposits the next day, that CCM becomes the Northern Rock Spanish. It is the starting point of the biggest financial crisis in the history of Spain."
 SPR_rescate_bancario_idea: "Spanish Banking Rescue"
 SPR_rescate_bancario_idea_desc: "How much will the bailout cost the Spanish banks? The Court of Auditors yesterday put on the table a figure: 60.718 million euros. But it is a bill made on a fixed photo from the end of 2015. Since then it has been more than a year, and as the public body itself reflects in its report there are still four pending fronts that could raise the cost of the rescue over the 80 billion."
 SPR_burbuja_turistica_idea: "Tourist Bubble"
 SPR_burbuja_turistica_idea_desc: "The reasons for this worsening of the distributive panorama are several and are due to factors that go beyond the change of economic cycle. In the first place, a basic economic problem linked to an uncompetitive productive structure persists. In the last decades, job creation has been closely linked to very cyclical sectors and the evidence shows that we need relatively high rates of GDP growth to create new jobs. Second, we have a serious structural problem of inequality and vulnerability. Already before the crisis there was a very large percentage of the population with incomes only slightly above the poverty line and very dependent on the dragging effect of the expansion of certain economic activities. Thirdly, we have not been able to consolidate a sufficiently robust protection network, facing the crisis with a very fragmented income guarantee system, with significant gaps in coverage and with large territorial inequalities in the response offered to situations of Insufficient income."
 SPR_horizonte_2020_idea: "Horizon 2020"
 SPR_horizonte_2020_idea_desc: "Horizon 2020 is the eighth framework programme funding research, technological development, and innovation. The programme's name has been modified to "Framework Programme for Research and Innovation". The framework programme is implemented by the European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, either by various internal directorate general (DGs), such as the directorate general for research and innovation or the directorate general for communications networks, content and Technology, or by executive agencies such as the Research Executive Agency (REA), the Executive Agency for SMEs (EASME), or the ERC Executive Agency (ERCEA). The framework programme's objective is to complete the European Research Area (ERA) by coordinating national research policies and pooling research funding in some areas to avoid duplication. Horizon 2020 itself is seen as a policy instrument to implement other high-level policy initiatives of the European Union, such as Europe 2020 and Innovation Union. The programme runs from 2014–20 and provides an estimated €80 billion of funding, an increase of 23 per cent on the previous phase."
 SPR_proyecto_HIDE_idea: "HIDE Project"
 SPR_proyecto_HIDE_idea_desc: "HIDE (Homeland Security, Biometric Identification action & Personal Detection Ethics) is a 36 month coordination action that aims to create a Paneuropean Dialogue Platform On Ethics & Governance of Personal Detection Technologies and Biometrics. Three Key Ideas Led the Consortium To Prepare the HIDE Project: ** Ongoing societal concerns about the use of biometrics and personal detection technologies for improving European security are legitimate. Research focusing on ethical, privacy and normative challenges posed by these technologies in the context of EU 27 is needed. **The ethical aspects of security technologies and the issue of data protection cannot be any longer addressed in the context of a particular technology alone. Research is needed with a more comprehensive approach to the continuum between personal detection, authentication and identification. **International controversies can be faced by promoting structured conversation. These controversies are often based on diverse interpretations of shared principles (e.g., proportionality principle, right to privacy, right to security, etc.). Structured conversation may allow a better understanding of others’ perspectives and commits all parties to dialogue. HIDE aims to create the best environment where this dialogue is possible and may progress."
 SPR_proyecto_INDECT_idea: "INDECT Project"
 SPR_proyecto_INDECT_idea_desc: "The INDECT Project ("Intelligent information system supporting observation, searching and detection for security of citizens in urban environment") develops an intelligent urban environment observation system to register and exchange operational data for the automatic detection, recognition and intelligent processing of all information of abnormal behaviour or violence."
 SPR_INDECT_idea: "INDECT Project"
 SPR_INDECT_idea_desc: "The INDECT Project ("Intelligent information system supporting observation, searching and detection for security of citizens in urban environment") develops an intelligent urban environment observation system to register and exchange operational data for the automatic detection, recognition and intelligent processing of all information of abnormal behaviour or violence."
 SPR_ue_mercosur_idea: "FTA EU-Mercosur"
 SPR_ue_mercosur_idea_desc: "Mercosur was established in 1991 and encompasses Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and Venezuela, which officially joined in July 2012. In December 2012, the Protocol of Accession of Bolivia to Mercosur was signed. This Protocol is pending ratification by all Parliaments in Mercosur countries. The EU has bilateral association and cooperation agreements through Spain with most Ibero-American countries."
 SPR_mercosur_idea: "FTA EU-Mercosur"
 SPR_mercosur_idea_desc: "Mercosur was established in 1991 and encompasses Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and Venezuela, which officially joined in July 2012. In December 2012, the Protocol of Accession of Bolivia to Mercosur was signed. This Protocol is pending ratification by all Parliaments in Mercosur countries. The EU has bilateral association and cooperation agreements through Spain with most Ibero-American countries."
 SPR_european_brigades_idea: "European Brigades"
 SPR_european_officer_school_idea: "European Officer School"
 SPR_european_research_project: "European Research Project"
 SPR_privatizar_servicios_publicos_idea: "The Privatization of Public Services"
 SPR_privatizar_servicios_publicos_idea_desc: "Privatization, also spelt privatisation (in British English), has several meanings. Primarily, it is the process of transferring ownership of a business, enterprise, agency, public service, or public property from the public sector (a government) to the private sector, either to a business that operates for profit or to a nonprofit organization. It may also mean the government outsourcing of services or functions to private firms, for example, revenue collection, law enforcement, and prison management."
 SPR_desregulacion_mercado_idea: "Deregulation of the Market"
 SPR_desregulacion_mercado_idea_desc: "Deregulation is the process of removing or reducing state regulations, typically in the economic sphere. It is the undoing or repeal of governmental regulation of the economy. It became common in advanced industrial economies in the 1970s and 1980s, as a result of new trends in economic thinking about the inefficiencies of government regulation, and the risk that regulatory agencies would be controlled by the regulated industry to its benefit, and thereby hurt consumers and the wider economy."
 SPR_libertad_economica_idea: "Economic Freedom"
 SPR_libertad_economica_idea_desc: "Economic freedom or economic liberty is the ability of members of a society to undertake economic actions. This is a term used in economic and policy debates as well as in the philosophy of economics. One approach to economic freedom comes from classical liberal and libertarian traditions emphasizing free markets, free trade, and private property under free enterprise. Another approach to economic freedom extends the welfare economics study of individual choice, with greater economic freedom coming from a "larger" (in some technical sense) set of possible choices. Other conceptions of economic freedom include freedom from want and the freedom to engage in collective bargaining."
 SPR_alianza_iberoamericana_idea: "Ibero-American Popular Alliance"
 SPR_alianza_iberoamericana_idea_desc: "It is a project of collaboration and political, social and economic complementation between certain countries of Iberoamerica and Spain, promoted initially by Spain as a counterpart to the FTAA (Free Trade Area of the Americas), promoted by the United States. The Ibero-American Popular Alliance is based on the creation of mechanisms that take advantage of the cooperative advantages between the different partner nations to compensate for the asymmetries between those countries. This is done through the cooperation of compensatory funds, aimed at correcting the intrinsic disabilities of member countries, and the implementation of the AICI (Ibero-American Association for Trade and Investment)."
 SPR_progressive_influence_idea: "Progressive Influence"
 SPR_PD_escuela_laica_idea: "Secular School"
 SPR_PD_republica_idea: "III República Española"
 SPR_PD_carbon_tax_idea: "Carbon Tax"
 SPR_PD_antinuclear_idea: "Closure of Nuclear Power Plants"
 SPR_PD_antinuclear_idea_desc: "Undoubtedly the great disadvantage, and main supporter of the fight against the use of nuclear energy, is the risk of accidents. While it is true that since the events at Chernobyl and Three Miles Island, the security measures at the plants are much stricter and cause the possibility of nuclear accidents to be drastically reduced, it is also true, that the accident in Japan Makes us assume that even if all the necessary security measures exist, the power of nature can not be controlled. This makes possible failures in nuclear power plants to become real disasters for both the population and nature, unlike other energy sources. This is because nuclear reactions by fission generate chain reactions that if the control systems fail would cause a radioactive explosion."
 SPR_PD_plan_energia_renovable_idea: "Renewable Energy Plan"
 SPR_PD_plan_energia_renovable_idea_desc: "Renewable energy is energy that is collected from renewable resources, which are naturally replenished on a human timescale, such as sunlight, wind, rain, tides, waves, and geothermal heat. Renewable energy often provides energy in four important areas: electricity generation, air and water heating/cooling, transportation, and rural (off-grid) energy services."
 SPR_PD_nacionalizacion_banca_idea: "National Banking"
 SPR_PD_ley_extranjeria_idea: "Immigration Encouraged"
 SPR_PD_welcome_refugee_idea: "Welcome Refugee"
 SPR_PD_expand_INSS_idea: "Expand Social Security"
 SPR_PD_expand_INSS_idea_desc: "Medicare is a strong social democratic service that must be expanded for the good of the people."
 SPR_PD_unions_supported_idea: "Unions Supported"
 SPR_PD_ecoeconomia_idea: "Ecological Economics"
 SPR_PD_ecoeconomia_idea_desc: "Renewable energy is energy that is collected from renewable resources, which are naturally replenished on a human timescale, such as sunlight, wind, rain, tides, waves, and geothermal heat. Renewable energy often provides energy in four important areas: electricity generation, air and water heating/cooling, transportation, and rural (off-grid) energy services."
 SPR_PD_igualitarismo_idea: "Equal Society"
 SPR_PD_proyecto_RET_idea: "National Broadband Network"
 SPR_PD_proyecto_RET_idea_desc: "The National Broadband Network will be the largest infrastructure project in Spain's history, develoingp a modern optical fibre telecommunications network to provide broadband access to 93% of the Spanish population at 100 Mb/s, with those areas and people outside the network footprint to be provided broadband access through fixed wireless and geosynchronous telecommunications satellite."
 SPR_PD_CSIC_idea: "Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas"
 SPR_PD_CSIC_idea_desc: "The Spanish National Research Council (Spanish: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, CSIC) is the largest public institution dedicated to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. Its main objective is to develop and promote research that will help bring about scientific and technological progress, and it is prepared to collaborate with Spanish and foreign entities in order to achieve this aim. CSIC plays an important role in scientific and technological policy, since it encompasses an area that takes in everything from basic research to the transfer of knowledge to the productive sector. Its research is driven by its centres and institutes, which are spread across all the autonomous regions. CSIC has 6% of all the staff dedicated to Research and Development in Spain, and they generate approximately 20% of all scientific production in the country. It also manages a range of important facilities; the most complete and extensive network of specialist libraries, and also has joint research units."
 SPR_PD_RTVE_idea: "RTVE Public Entity"
 SPR_PD_RTVE_idea_desc: "In the exercise of its public service function, the Public Entity RTVE had to serve as an essential vehicle for information and political participation of citizens, for the formation of public opinion, for cooperation with the educational system, for dissemination of Spanish culture and for Their nationalities and regions, as well as a capital means to contribute to making freedom and equality real and effective, with special attention to the protection of the marginalized and the non-discrimination of women."
 SPR_PL_librecambista_idea: "Laissez faire"
 SPR_PL_librecambista_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_liberal_economic_principles: "Liberal Economic Principles"
 SPR_PL_liberal_economic_principles_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_union_federal_idea: "Federal Union"
 SPR_PL_union_federal_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_escuela_privada_idea: "Private Educational System"
 SPR_PL_escuela_privada_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_ley_extranjeria_idea: "Immigration Law"
 SPR_PL_ley_extranjeria_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_libertarismo_idea: "Liberal Society"
 SPR_PL_libertarismo_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_librepensador_idea: "Freethought"
 SPR_PL_librepensador_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_emprendedor_idea: "Entrepreneur"
 SPR_PL_emprendedor_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_autodefensa_idea: "Dont Tread On Me"
 SPR_PL_autodefensa_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_PL_CSIC_idea: "Institute of Technological Research (IIT)"
 SPR_PL_CSIC_idea_desc: ""
 SPR_reactionary_influence: "Spain support to populist movements"
 SPR_VOX_estado_unitario_idea: "Unitary State"
 SPR_VOX_estado_unitario_idea_desc: "Vox defends a unitary state, politically centralized and administratively decentralized in the provincial councils and municipalities. So Vox defends the suppression of the autonomous parliaments and the political centralization of all the competences through a constitutional reform."
 SPR_VOX_familia_tradicional_idea: "Traditional Values"
 SPR_VOX_familia_tradicional_idea_desc: "They emphasize the value of patriotism, the Catholic religion, ties of kinship, hierarchy of society, obedience to authority, and defense of the traditional family."
 SPR_VOX_tramo_unico_idea: "Flat Tax"
 SPR_VOX_tramo_unico_idea_desc: "We want to lower or suppress all taxes that are in force in Spain. In addition, we are committed not to create any additional tribute. Only with such a mindset can we achieve substantial changes. The most significant has to do with the IRPF, a tax for which Vox is in favor of adopting a single rate of 21% in which the first 12,000 euros of income would be exempt from taxation. This minimum exemption would guarantee the progressivad of the tax: a salary of 12,000 euros would pay a personal income tax of 0%, while one of 24,000 euros would deliver to the treasury 6% of their total income. For the Corporation Tax, we raised an overall rate of 21%. We are implementing this measure to incorporate a series of conditions that allow a differentiated treatment between SMEs and large companies. Obviously, it is not the same as a listed Ibex 35 hire a new worker to have a small shop do the same. We are not talking about subsidies, but of a more favorable treatment in the labor, mercantile and fiscal field. Finally, with regard to VAT, we want to return to a general tranche of 16%, with a reduced rate of 8% and an even lower rate of 4%."
 SPR_VOX_escuela_nacional_idea: "General Pact of Education"
 SPR_VOX_escuela_nacional_idea_desc: "Education must be recovered as a common project of all Spaniards. Alternative pedagogies that stimulate the senses and the desire to overcome should be applied, abandoning methods that have proved ineffective."
 SPR_VOX_salud_idea: "Comprehensive Health Conception"
 SPR_VOX_salud_idea_desc: "Foundation by the Council of Ministers on the proposal of the Ministry of Health of the GENERAL CIVIL HEALTH MUTUALITY (MUCIGESA) as a tool to manage the freedom of choice of patients-co-owners of the Spanish National Health System. Return of powers transferred from the extinct INSALUD. A Basic Portfolio of Health Services will be approved."
 SPR_VOX_ley_extranjeria_idea: "Responsible Immigration Policy"
 SPR_VOX_ley_extranjeria_idea_desc: "Control of immigration according to labor needs and ability to integrate it on the part of the recipient, avoiding the lack of integration or the impossibility of offering decent work as a way of life."
 SPR_VOX_CNI_idea: "Reform Intelligence Service"
 SPR_VOX_CNI_idea_desc: "Critical and indispensable intelligence services will be unified, under a single agency and command, in the National Intelligence Center (C.N.I), promoting avoiding the pernicious duplication of efforts and promoting the maximum coordination of international organizations."
 SPR_VOX_antiterrorismo_idea: "Defense of our sovereignty"
 SPR_VOX_antiterrorismo_idea_desc: "We are aware that Spain is a priority target for Islamists. Failure in the integration process, social exclusion, lack of control over the immovable imams in radicalism, poor insertion in the labor market, or lack of association with Spanish identity can become a conduit for farming. That some individuals embrace the Jihadist creed."
 SPR_VOX_influencia_diplomatica_idea: "Diplomatic Influence"
 SPR_VOX_miracle_industry_idea: "Spanish Economic Miracle"
 SPR_VOX_miracle_industry_idea_desc: "The recent boom in the industry has given our national economy a surprising and in most cases unexpected momentum, from construction to finance and many other sectors. There has been an expansion of industries in the former industrial areas, in the Basque Country and the north coast of Ferrol or Vigo (metallurgy, shipbuilding), around Barcelona (automobiles, machinery, textile, petrochemical) and Consolidation of Madrid as an important industrial and commercial area. Spain has the third highest growth rate in the world and has become one of the largest economy in the world. We are now called to exercise our deserved place among the powers and to influence politically those nations that are within our sphere of influence."
 SPR_VOX_CSIC_idea: "Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas"
 SPR_VOX_CSIC_idea_desc: "The Spanish National Research Council (Spanish: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, CSIC) is the largest public institution dedicated to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. Its main objective is to develop and promote research that will help bring about scientific and technological progress, and it is prepared to collaborate with Spanish and foreign entities in order to achieve this aim. CSIC plays an important role in scientific and technological policy, since it encompasses an area that takes in everything from basic research to the transfer of knowledge to the productive sector. Its research is driven by its centres and institutes, which are spread across all the autonomous regions. CSIC has 6% of all the staff dedicated to Research and Development in Spain, and they generate approximately 20% of all scientific production in the country. It also manages a range of important facilities; the most complete and extensive network of specialist libraries, and also has joint research units."
 SPR_VOX_spain_first_idea: "Make Great Spain Again"
 SPR_VOX_spain_first_idea_desc: "We will work so that the Spaniards, regardless of the region in which we live, have the same rights and obligations and recover our pride and our national self-esteem. Because we are a great nation, because our country deserves a defense and because we are convinced that, among all, we will be able to "make Spain great again"."

 SPR_RDE_control_precios_idea: "Price Control"
 SPR_RDE_control_precios_idea_desc: "Price control is a mechanism by which a government authority imposes determined amounts for the prices of goods and services within a given market, usually in order to maintain the availability of those goods and services to consumers, to avoid price increases During periods of shortage, or even to secure an income for the benefit of producers of certain goods, in the same way as a subsidy. Another way to execute a price control is to set maximum prices or minimum prices."
 SPR_RDE_proteccion_social_idea: "Social Protection"
 SPR_RDE_redistribution_program_idea: "Redistribution of Wealth"
 SPR_RDE_redistribution_program_idea_desc: "Marxist economists argue that social democrat reforms - including policies to redistribute incomes - such as the unemployment subsidy and high taxes on profits and the rich, create more contradictions in capitalism by further limiting the effectiveness of the capitalist system by reducing incentives So that the capitalists invest in increasing production. In the Marxist view, redistribution can not solve the fundamental issues of capitalism - only the transition to a socialist economy can."
 SPR_RDE_contrarrevolucion_idea: "Counter-revolutionary"
 SPR_RDE_contrarrevolucion_idea_desc: "In the current political and social panorama of Spain, the counterrevolution has not remained passive in the face of recent events, now it has been articulated in what they call the Front of Freedom, in which they are framed from the most openly fascists, Monarchists, to the official representatives of the current Spanish oligarchy that are the PP and the PSOE. All types of subversive actions are carried out, and the direct intervention of the army to reinstate democracy in Spain is openly discussed. At the moment, it is called periodic demonstrations that often end in riots with the forces of public order."
 SPR_RDE_contrarrevolucion_internacional_idea: "International Counter-revolutionary"
 SPR_RDE_contrarrevolucion_internacional_idea_desc: "From the European Union, led by Germany and France, the United States has initiated a series of measures, such as isolation and economic and commercial sanctions, with the aim of destabilizing and overthrowing the present Government, and even threaten armed intervention with The object of restoring democracy. It is known that the current Freedom Front is being financed with enormous economic parties by the capitalist Powers."
 SPR_RDE_contrarrevolucion_revisionista_idea: "Revisionist Counter-revolutionary"
 SPR_RDE_contrarrevolucion_revisionista_idea_desc: "In the face of the repression of the recent manifestations of the Freedom Front, from the United Formation We can have stated that the measures taken by the government are fascist and totalitarian, typical of a Stalinist regime, and that the recent increase of the resources destined to the Forces Public Order and the Armed Forces are a clear example. They have presented a resolution to alleviate these circumstances by presenting such measures as: dissolution of the State Security Corps and Forces, Dissolution of the Armed Forces, promotion of positive discrimination policies with quotas of power (both homosexual, feminine and immigrant) To repeal the controls in Border and grant the nationality to the irregular foreigners, besides a relation of measures related to the altermundismo."
 SPR_RSE_represion_contrarrevolucion_idea: "Organized Repression"
 SPR_RSE_represion_contrarrevolucion_idea_desc: "In order to avoid indiscriminate repression and that criminal gangs with a personal desire for profit, which were protected under the cover of parties and unions to achieve their personal goals, can act legally to establish laws aimed at the repression of terrorism, saboteurs and other class enemies."
 SPR_RDE_frente_popular_idea: "Popular Front"
 SPR_RDE_frente_popular_idea_desc: "Popular Unity is a popular front made up of political parties and mass organizations of the Spanish Republic that, despite being dominated politically by the Communists, present a unique list to the elections of the People's Council with candidates of all its members."
 SPR_RDE_guardia_asalto_idea: "Assault Guard"
 SPR_RDE_guardia_asalto_idea_desc: "The Corps of Security and Assault is organized militarily and distributed in squads (of twenty five guards), that grouped in companies, are deployed by the main Spanish cities. Its main function is the maintenance of public order and acts normally in case of disturbances. Unlike the other police forces, it does not have as its main function the prosecution of delinquency. With its creation, the maintenance of the public order, is exclusively to its charge in the zones in which it is deployed. The Civil Guard still existing in the Republican Zone is renamed the Republican National Guard."
 SPR_RDE_dilectissima_nobis_idea: "Dilectissima Nobis"
 SPR_RDE_dilectissima_nobis_idea_desc: "John Paul II has excommunicated the Government and has written an encyclical Dilectissima Nobis on the unjust situation created to the Catholic Church in Spain. The Intelligence Service informs us that it is currently detecting a significant number of papal agents who use the Spanish parish network."
 SPR_RDE_reforma_educativa_idea: "Education Reform"
 SPR_RDE_reforma_educativa_idea_desc: "The majority view advocates a radical anticlericalism that not only advocated the secularization of the State, but also of society, justifying it for the damage that has caused clericalism in the history of Spain, becoming the main obstacle to its progress and modernization. We must deprive the Church of the means by which it exercises its social and cultural hegemony, and above all the most important: education. Thus the program includes suppression of the budget of worship and clergy, civil marriage and divorce, secularization of cemeteries and the most forceful measure: the dissolution of religious orders, especially the Jesuits, and the nationalization of their property , Replacing the religious schools run by a "single" secular school. «More than a free Church in a free State would seek the subjection of the first to the second for the sake of the public good.»"
 SPR_RDE_misterio_rocio_idea: "Three Secrets of Rocío"
 SPR_RDE_misterio_rocio_idea_desc: "The Three Secrets of Rocío consist of a series of apocalyptic visions and prophecies which were given to three young Spanishs shepherds. The first secret, a vision of Hell. The second secret along with a prediction of another world war during the reign of John Paul II, should men continue offending God and should Spain not convert. The second half requests that Spain be consecrated to the Immaculate Heart of Mary. The third secret has not been revealed and speculations have begun on its subject, from a global nuclear holocaust to the dangers that threaten the faith and life of the Christian, and therefore of the world."
 SPR_RDE_republica_democratica_idea: "República Democrática Española"
 SPR_RDE_republica_democratica_idea_desc: "According to Marxist-Leninist theory, the objective of the successive constitutions of the Socialist Republic of Spain is, after capitalism, to lay the foundations for the development of socialism so that the final phase of development can finally be reached Human, communism. Its nature is mainly descriptive, as it shapes established relations on paper and changes as the socioeconomic scenario changes."
 SPR_RDE_organizaciones_populares_idea: "Political and Mass Organizations"

 SPR_RSE_PCE_idea: "One Party State"
 SPR_RSE_PCE_idea_desc: "The party of the proletariat, armed with revolutionary theory, must guide the working class and its allies in the struggle for the conquest of political power. This power is the instrument that allows the working class to destroy the system of capitalist exploitation and begin to build the new society."
 SPR_RSE_estado_socialista_idea: "Socialist State"
 SPR_RSE_estado_socialista_idea_desc: "Is a state under the control of a vanguard party that is organizing the economic, social, and political affairs of the country toward the realization of socialism."
 SPR_RSE_defensa_revolucion_idea: "Defense of the Revolution"
 SPR_RSE_defensa_revolucion_idea_desc: "The present Revolution is being attacked from the internal front as from the international front, the counter-revolutionary action must be pursued and exterminated wherever it is, this struggle will allow us to build the new revolutionary order that guarantees the survival of the present Revolution."
 SPR_RSE_milicias_populares_idea: "People's Militias"
 SPR_RSE_milicias_populares_idea_desc: "People's Militias, also called The armed fist of the working class is a militia organisation of Communist Party of Spain. The task of the militias is to protect against guerrillas expected to appear after the takeover, against undercover agents sent to Spain and to cooperate with the police and the army. About 3,000 militiamen joined police forces. Non-communists were slowly removed from the militias."
 SPR_RSE_enemigos_pueblo_idea: "Liquidation of Class Enemies"
 SPR_RSE_enemigos_pueblo_idea_desc: "A counterrevolutionary action is any action aimed at overthrowing, undermining or weakening the power of workers 'and peasants' councils, or undermining or weakening the external security of SRS and the major economic, political and national achievements of the proletarian revolution."
 SPR_RSE_DSE_idea: "State Security Directorate"
 SPR_RSE_DSE_idea_desc: "Thoroughly monitor public opinion, internal subversion and possible destabilizing plots."
 SPR_RSE_GULAG_idea: "Main Camp Administration"
 SPR_RSE_GULAG_idea_desc: "Is the government agency that administered and controlled the forced-labor camp system."
 SPR_RSE_contrarrevolucion_idea: "Counter-revolutionary"
 SPR_RSE_contrarrevolucion_idea_desc: "In the current political and social panorama of Spain, the counterrevolution has not remained passive in the face of recent events, now it has been articulated in what they call the Front of Freedom, in which they are framed from the most openly fascists, Monarchists, to the official representatives of the current Spanish oligarchy that are the PP and the PSOE. All types of subversive actions are carried out, and the direct intervention of the army to reinstate democracy in Spain is openly discussed. At the moment, it is called periodic demonstrations that often end in riots with the forces of public order."
 SPR_RSE_contrarrevolucion_internacional_idea: "International Counter-revolutionary"
 SPR_RSE_contrarrevolucion_internacional_idea_desc: "From the European Union, led by Germany and France, the United States has initiated a series of measures, such as isolation and economic and commercial sanctions, with the aim of destabilizing and overthrowing the present Government, and even threaten armed intervention with The object of restoring democracy. It is known that the current Freedom Front is being financed with enormous economic parties by the capitalist Powers."
 SPR_RSE_contrarrevolucion_revisionista_idea: "Revisionist Counter-revolutionary"
 SPR_RSE_contrarrevolucion_revisionista_idea_desc: "In the face of the repression of the recent manifestations of the Freedom Front, from the United Formation We can have stated that the measures taken by the government are fascist and totalitarian, typical of a Stalinist regime, and that the recent increase of the resources destined to the Forces Public Order and the Armed Forces are a clear example. They have presented a resolution to alleviate these circumstances by presenting such measures as: dissolution of the State Security Corps and Forces, Dissolution of the Armed Forces, promotion of positive discrimination policies with quotas of power (both homosexual, feminine and immigrant) To repeal the controls in Border and grant the nationality to the irregular foreigners, besides a relation of measures related to the altermundismo."
 SPR_RSE_terror_rojo_idea: "Red Terror"
 SPR_RSE_terror_rojo_idea_desc: "The need for mass terror to "build revolutionary order"."
 SPR_RSE_internacionalismo_proletario_idea: "Workers of the world, unite!"
 SPR_RSE_internacionalismo_proletario_idea_desc: "International Solidarity of the proletarians and workers of the whole world. One of the great principles that encourage communist parties in all countries. In opposition to the bourgeois nationalism that divides nations and excites them against each other, proletarian internationalism unites the workers of all countries in the struggle for peace, democracy and socialism."
 SPR_RSE_revolucion_mundial_idea: "World Revolution"
 SPR_RSE_revolucion_mundial_idea_desc: "The world revolution refers to the need, underlined by Vladimir Lenin, that the socialist revolution be global to be durable, otherwise the expansionist dynamics of capitalism and the problems of the social structure stressed will sooner or later fall the government from the workers."
 SPR_nacionalizar_banca_idea: "Nationalization of Banks"
 SPR_nacionalizar_banca_idea_desc: "Revolutionary abolition of the ownership of the exploiting classes by the proletarian state and transformation of it into state socialist property (of the whole people). Socialist nationalization constitutes an objective necessity, a very important part of the revolutionary process that leads from capitalism to socialism, and it follows from the requirements of the law of the correspondence between the relations of production and the character of the productive forces, is one of The general laws of the socialist revolution and the building of socialism. It liquidates capitalist property and that of landlords on the means of production, ends the political domination of the exploiting classes, creates the socialist type of economy."
 SPR_NEP_reforma_educativa_idea: "Education Reforms"
 SPR_NEP_ciudad_cientifica_idea: "Academic City"
 SPR_NEP_ciudad_cientifica_idea_desc: "It is a formal term to refer to cities that have a high concentration of research and scientific developments. Many of these cities are being built in the socialist era with this express purpose."
 SPR_NEP_emancipacion_femenina_idea: "Emancipation of Women"
 SPR_NEP_emancipacion_femenina_idea_desc: "The indissoluble link between the situation of women as a person and a member of society and private property over the means of production needs to be thoroughly clarified."
 SPR_NEP_emulacion_socialista_idea: "Socialist Emulation"
 SPR_NEP_emulacion_socialista_idea_desc: "A method for raising labor productivity, increasing and perfecting social production and communist education on the basis of the expansion of activity and the creative initiative of workers, free from all exploitation. Socialist emulation emerged after the socialist revolution, thanks to which it became possible to organize on a large scale the emulation between millions of workers, peasants and employees who replaced forced labor for the benefit of the exploiters for the work for themselves, for their society."
 SPR_NEP_socialista_miracle_industry_idea: "Economic Efficiency of Socialist Production"
 SPR_NEP_national_research_idea: "Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas"
 SPR_NEP_national_research_idea_desc: "The Spanish National Research Council (Spanish: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, CSIC) is the largest public institution dedicated to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. Its main objective is to develop and promote research that will help bring about scientific and technological progress, and it is prepared to collaborate with Spanish and foreign entities in order to achieve this aim. CSIC plays an important role in scientific and technological policy, since it encompasses an area that takes in everything from basic research to the transfer of knowledge to the productive sector. Its research is driven by its centres and institutes, which are spread across all the autonomous regions. CSIC has 6% of all the staff dedicated to Research and Development in Spain, and they generate approximately 20% of all scientific production in the country. It also manages a range of important facilities; the most complete and extensive network of specialist libraries, and also has joint research units."
 SPR_NEP_economia_socialismo_idea: "Economy of Socialism"
 SPR_NEP_economia_socialismo_idea_desc: "The content of the fundamental economic law of socialism consists in satisfying ever more fully the growing material and cultural needs of the people through the development and incessant perfection of social production."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_idea: "State Planning Committee"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_idea_desc: "The SSR State Plan Committee has become the sole central planning body of the country and is responsible for overall state planning."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_centralismo_democratico_idea: "Democratic Centralism in the Economy"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_centralismo_democratico_idea_desc: "Principle of economic direction under socialism; It is about rightly combining centralized management with the broad participation of local agencies and all workers in the governance of social production. Democratic centralism in the direction of the economy is only possible in a socialist regime, which allows it, on the one hand, centralizes the direction of the entire national economy, and, on the other hand, to incorporate labor into the broad Masses of workers."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_colectivizacion_agricultura_I_idea: "Collectivization of Agriculture"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_colectivizacion_agricultura_I_idea_desc: "The passage of land, which is the private property of landlords and capitalists owned by the socialist state, not only constitutes a powerful blow against private property over the means of production, but also represents a step towards socialism."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_colectivizacion_agricultura_II_idea: "Collectivization of Agriculture"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_colectivizacion_agricultura_II_idea_desc: "The passage of land, which is the private property of landlords and capitalists owned by the socialist state, not only constitutes a powerful blow against private property over the means of production, but also represents a step towards socialism."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_ciudad_cientifica_idea: "Academic City"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_ciudad_cientifica_idea_desc: "It is a formal term to refer to cities that have a high concentration of research and scientific developments. Many of these cities are being built in the socialist era with this express purpose."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_acumulacion_socialista_idea: "Socialist Accumulation"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_acumulacion_socialista_idea_desc: "Use of the part of the national income of the socialist society to expand the social production and increase non-productive funds as well as to build material and financial reserves. Under socialism, accumulation carries a cable to increase and perfect production, to create the material base and technique of communism, to raise the welfare of the people."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_IHE_idea: "State Hydrological Institute"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_IHE_idea_desc: "The staff of the newly formed organization comprised professionals from other scientific organizations. At the time of its creation, the challenge was to develop the basic content and quantitative substantiation of the Hydraulic Program of SSR."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_I_plan_quinquenal_idea: "First Five-Year Plan"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_I_plan_quinquenal_idea_desc: "The plan foresees in general terms to double the national economy. It tends mainly to the industrialization of the country and the massive development of heavy industry. Each branch of the economy has stipulated the progress it must make: the means of production must increase by 330% and construction will grow by 360%. The number of industrial workers must increase by almost 50%. The capital necessary for the fulfillment of these plans will come from the capital gains of the national work. This large-scale industrialization will be realized through large economic units."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_cooperacion_empresas_idea: "Cooperation of Companies under Socialism"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_cooperacion_empresas_idea_desc: "Production links between socialist companies engaged in the joint work of a particular product, although they maintain their economic independence and specialize their work. The advantage of joint production is that, combined with the specialization of enterprises, it contributes greatly to the rational use of production potentials and facilitates technical progress, growth in labor productivity, organization and working conditions."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_emancipacion_femenina_idea: "Emancipation of Women"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_emancipacion_femenina_idea_desc: "The communist conception of the emancipation of women was based on four fundamental pillars: Free union, female liberation through wage labor, the socialization of domestic labor and the extinction of the family."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_IEIE_idea: "State Institute of Energy Research"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_IEIE_idea_desc: "The staff at the newly formed organization comprised professionals gathered from other scientific organizations. At the time of its creation,  challenge was to develop the basic content and quantitative substantiation for the Energy Program of the SSR."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_II_plan_quinquenal_idea: "Second Five-Year Plan"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_II_plan_quinquenal_idea_desc: "While the first plan "sacrificed everything" to the most essential elements such as heavy industry, in this second plan, special attention was paid to other elements. This plan is characterized by being more equitable with all economic sectors despite the continuation of industries that had priority over others. This plan is much simpler to perform for higher and higher investments. In particular, it will tend to develop industries producing consumer goods, transport, etc."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_institutos_cientificos_idea: "Scientific Research Institutes"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_institutos_cientificos_idea_desc: "Unlike Western countries, most research does not take place in universities, but in special research and development institutes. The most prestigious of them all belonged to the Socialist Academy of Sciences, although others are within the system of specialized academies or the branches of research of various government ministries."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_bienes_consumo_idea: "Consumer Goods"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_bienes_consumo_idea_desc: "In socialist society, the production and exchange of goods are effected under the dominion of social property over the means of production; For the most part, the articles are produced by collective work in socialist enterprises according to a pre-established plan, a plan that takes into account the social needs and social work investments required. The circulation of goods is organized in a planned manner at the level of the whole society. For this reason, commodity, in socialism, is not simply a commodity destined for change, but a product obtained according to a plan to satisfy the needs of socialist society and passed to the consumer through organized circulation on the basis of a plan."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_emulacion_socialista_idea: "Socialist Emulation"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_emulacion_socialista_idea_desc: "A method for raising labor productivity, increasing and perfecting social production and communist education on the basis of the expansion of activity and the creative initiative of workers, free from all exploitation. Socialist emulation emerged after the socialist revolution, thanks to which it became possible to organize on a large scale the emulation between millions of workers, peasants and employees who replaced forced labor for the benefit of the exploiters for the work for themselves, for their society."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_proyecto_RED_idea: "Digital State Network Project (RED)"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_proyecto_RED_idea_desc: "The Digital State Network, in Spanish Red Estatal Digital (RED), will be the largest infrastructure project in Spain's history, develoingp a modern optical fibre telecommunications network to provide broadband access to 93% of the Spanish population at 400 Gb/s and 1 Tb/s, with those areas and people outside the network footprint to be provided broadband access through fixed wireless and geosynchronous telecommunications satellite. Its main objective is to circumvent the problem of economic calculation in socialism."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_RED_idea: "Red Estatal Digital (RED)"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_RED_idea_desc: "The Digital State Network (RED) is one of the largest infrastructure projects in the history of Spain, developing a modern fiber optic telecommunications network to provide broadband access to 93% of the population and the Spanish industry to 400 Gb / s and 1 Tb / s, with areas and people outside the network Broadband access through fixed wireless and geosynchronous telecommunications satellites. Its main objective is to circumvent the problem of economic calculation in socialism."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_III_plan_quinquenal_idea: "Third Five-Year Plan"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_III_plan_quinquenal_idea_desc: "The plan foresees in general terms to double the national economy. It tends mainly to the industrialization of the country and the massive development of heavy industry. Each branch of the economy has stipulated the progress it must make: the means of production must increase by 330% and that of the service-goods industry by 200%. Metallurgy must increase its production by 300% and the chemical industry quintuple it. Construction will grow by 360% and the solid fuel industry by 260%. The number of industrial workers must increase by almost 50%. The capital necessary for the fulfillment of these plans will come from the capital gains of the national work. This large-scale industrialization will be realized through large economic units."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_ateismo_cientifico_idea: "Cientific Atheism"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_ateismo_cientifico_idea_desc: "Religion is one of the forms of spiritual oppression that everywhere weighs heavily on the masses of the people, more burdened by their perpetual work for others, by necessity and isolation. The impotence of the exploited classes in their struggle against the exploiters just as inevitably leads to a belief in a better life after death as the impotence of the savage in his battle with nature leads to belief in the gods, demons, Which make signs, and the like. Those who work and live in all want their lives are imparted by religion to be submissive and patient while here on earth, and are comforted in the hope of a heavenly reward. But those who live by the work of others are taught by religion to practice charity on earth, thus offering them a very cheap way of justifying their entire existence as exploiters and selling them at moderately priced wellness tickets in heaven. Religion is the opium of the people. Religion is a kind of spiritual drink, in which the slaves of capital drown their human image, their demand for a life more or less worthy of man."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_patriotismo_socialista_idea: "Socialist Patriotism"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_patriotismo_socialista_idea_desc: "Socialist patriotism refers to a form of civic patriotism espoused by Marxist-Leninist movements. It promotes that people have "unlimited love for the socialist homeland, a commitment to the revolutionary transformation of society and to the cause of communism." The term has been attributed by Soviet writers to Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin. Socialist patriotism is not related to nationalism, because Marxists and Marxist-Leninists denounce the bourgeois character of such an ideology developed under capitalism and confronting the workers with each other. In the Communist Manifesto, a fundamental work of Marxism, the national character of the proletariat is mentioned, although the socialist conception of patriotism is contrary to its use in bourgeois politics."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_RTVE_idea: "Radiotelevisión Española"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_RTVE_idea_desc: "In the exercise of its public service function, the Public Entity RTVE had to serve as an essential vehicle for information and political participation of citizens, for the formation of public opinion, for cooperation with the educational system, for dissemination of Spanish culture and for Their nationalities and regions, as well as a capital means to contribute to making freedom and equality real and effective, with special attention to the protection of the marginalized and the non-discrimination of women."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_IV_plan_quinquenal_idea: "Fourth Five-Year Plan"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_IV_plan_quinquenal_idea_desc: "This plan aimed at the development of specialized industries, especially the chemical industry. It has projected a much faster growth than its predecessors. The guidelines contemplated a change of model: industrial gigantism, centered in very specific places of geography, no longer seems the best model of growth in the long term, but would opt for an industrial decentralization and greater equity in its distribution than Would give rise to enormous rates of demographic and industrial growth in the interior Spain."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_exploracion_cosmos_idea: "Per Aspera Ad Astra"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_exploracion_cosmos_idea_desc: "«The Earth is the cradle of humanity, but you can not live in a cradle forever.» Space exploration designates the efforts of the human being to study space and its stars from the scientific point of view and its economic exploitation. These efforts may involve both humans traveling on spacecraft and satellites with telemetry resources or guided probes sent to other planets (orbiting or landing on the surface of these celestial bodies)."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_transformacion_naturaleza_idea: "Transformation of Nature"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_transformacion_naturaleza_idea_desc: "Large-scale drought fighting is initiated through forest plantations that protect soils from erosion, the introduction of rotating forage crops, the construction of dams and water reservoirs. The strength of this plan lies in its coherence, complexity and dimension. Its share is unprecedented worldwide."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_proletkult_idea: "Proletarian Culture"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_proletkult_idea_desc: "The task of the 'Proletkults' is the development of an independent proletarian spiritual culture, including all areas of the human spirit — science, art, and everyday life. The new socialist epoch must produce a new culture, the foundations of which are already being laid. This culture will be the fruit of the creative efforts of the working class and will be entirely independent. Work on behalf of proletarian culture should stand on a par with the political and economic struggle of the working class."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_V_plan_quinquenal_idea: "Fifth Five-Year Plan"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_V_plan_quinquenal_idea_desc: "The plan focuses on raising industrial production by 70%, with annual growth of 12% for metallurgy, oil and electricity and 11% for consumer goods. The plan aims to increase between 38% and 41% of national income and a per capita growth of 30%. This plan is increasingly taking into account the progress of the consumer goods industry to the detriment of heavy industry, with the aim of raising the standard of living of the population in general, paying particular attention to reducing the differences Between the urban and rural worlds. Another objective is a broad growth of labor productivity through the rationalization of work, raising the technical and cultural level of the population, better regional economic organization and a more efficient use of capital goods. The pace of agricultural growth should be 25% higher in relation to the increase registered in the previous period and industrial production to grow by 50%."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_nuevo_hombre_idea: "The New Man"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_nuevo_hombre_idea_desc: "The new man must be disinterested, wise, healthy, muscular and enthusiastic in spreading the socialist revolution. Adherence to Marxism-Leninism and individual conduct consistent with the prescriptions of that philosophy are among the crucial features expected of the New Man, which requires intellectualism and hard discipline. It is not driven by raw impulses of nature, but by conscious self-control, a belief that rejects both the innate personality and the unconscious personality. Treat public property with respect, as if it were yours. He has also lost nationalist sentiments. His work requires effort and austerity, to show the new man triumphing over his basic instincts."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_base_material_idea: "Material and Technical Base of Socialism"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_base_material_idea_desc: "By its physical content, the material and technical base of socialism constitutes above all a system of production of the national economy formed by diverse means of work. They are inherent in the material and technical basis of socialism: the advanced and rapidly developing technique, the high concentration of production, specialization and cooperation in it, the growth of the cultural and technical level of workers, and the unceasing rise of productivity."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_progreso_tecnico_idea: "Technical Progress"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_progreso_tecnico_idea_desc: "Under socialism, technical progress presents a distinct character, is incessant and planned, serves as a powerful resource to improve the welfare of the people in the interest of the whole society. The results of technical progress and the improvement of production are used to expand the national economy to further increase production in order to increase the welfare and cultural level of workers incessantly. In the plans of the national economy, current and prospective, the development and introduction of state-of-the-art technology in industry and agriculture, transportation and other branches of the national economy is envisaged. The main directions of technical progress are: multiple machining of labor and large-scale automation of productive processes; Complete electrification of the national economy, application of radiotechnics and electronics; Wide introduction of methods of chemical reprocessing of substances, manufacture of new materials and synthetic objects; Use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes. Technical progress is a very important condition for creating the material and technical basis of communism."
 SPR_GOSPLAN_VI_plan_quinquenal_idea: "Sixth Five-Year Plan"
 SPR_GOSPLAN_VI_plan_quinquenal_idea_desc: "The plan focuses on raising industrial production by 70%, with annual growth of 12% for metallurgy, oil and electricity and 11% for consumer goods. The plan aims to increase between 38% and 41% of national income and a per capita growth of 30%. This plan is increasingly taking into account the progress of the consumer goods industry to the detriment of heavy industry, with the aim of raising the standard of living of the population in general, paying particular attention to reducing the differences Between the urban and rural worlds. Another objective is a broad growth of labor productivity through the rationalization of work, raising the technical and cultural level of the population, better regional economic organization and a more efficient use of capital goods. The pace of agricultural growth should be 25% higher in relation to the increase registered in the previous period and industrial production to grow by 50%."








 idea_economic_reforms_research: "Economic Reforms"
 idea_education_reforms_research: "Education Reforms"
 SPR_european_logistics_goods: "Corredor Atlántico-Mediterráneo"
 SPR_south_logistics: "Corredor Central"
 SPR_north_logistics: "Corredor Mediterráneo"
 SPR_islands_logistics: "Corredor Atlántico"




 SPR_north_miracle_industry: "North Spanish Industries"
 SPR_north_miracle_industry_desc: "The rapid expansion of the industrial complex in Northern Spain after the war resulted into the Spainish Economic Miracle, which transformed Spain from a poor, mainly rural, nation into a major industrial power"

 SPR_focus_special_forces_1_military_school: "Legión Española"
 SPR_focus_special_forces_2_military_school: "Infantería de Marina"
 SPR_focus_special_forces_3_military_school: "Brigada Paracaidista «BRIPAC»"
 SPR_focus_air_force_military_school: "Academia General del Aire"
 SPR_focus_generic_submarine_focus: "Arsenal de Cartagena"
 SPR_focus_generic_destroyers_focus: "Arsenal de Ferrol"
 SPR_focus_generic_carrier_focus: "Arsenal de la Carraca"
 SPR_focus_generic_bomber_focus: "CASA"
 SPR_focus_generic_tank_focus: "Empresa Nacional Santa Bárbara de Industrias Militares"
 SPR_focus_generic_fighter_focus: "CASA"
 SPR_migrants_from_africa: "Illegal Immigration from Africa"
 SPR_migrants_from_africa_encouraged: "Immigration from Northern Africa encouraged"
 SPR_migrants_from_africa_limited: "Immigration from Africa discouraged"
 SPR_restore_the_currency_idea: "Restored the Peseta"


 SPR_quality_army: "Army of Quality"
 SPR_quantity_army: "Army of Quantity"
 SPR_focus_tierra_focus: "Industria Militar Española"
 SPR_focus_tierra_focus_desc: "Recent mergers between enterprises of heavy weaponry has led to the military industry and defence Spanish is one of the most important in the world. Among them are some of the main Spanish companies of the aeronautical, technological or industrial sectors who dedicated part of its activity to the production of weapons, parts or components of military. There are also companies that provide services with specific military needs."
 SPR_focus_aire_focus: "Industria Aeronaútica Española"
 SPR_focus_aire_focus_desc: "Recent mergers between aviation companies has led to the military industry and defence Spanish is one of the most important in the world. Among them are some of the main Spanish companies of the aeronautical, technological or industrial sectors who dedicated part of its activity to the production of weapons, parts or components of military. There are also companies that provide services with specific military needs."
 SPR_focus_armada_focus: "Industria Naval Española"
 SPR_focus_armada_focus_desc: "Recent concentrations among the naval companies has led to the military industry and defence Spanish is one of the most important in the world. Among them are some of the main Spanish companies of the aeronautical, technological or industrial sectors who dedicated part of its activity to the production of weapons, parts or components of military. There are also companies that provide services with specific military needs."
 SPR_modernizacion: "Modernización Española"
 SPR_modernizacion_desc: "They have undertaken numerous structural reforms which are essential monstraban for the modernization of the country. This process should ensure that Spain is located at the forefront of the developed world."
 SPR_national_research_bonus: "Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas"
 SPR_national_research_bonus_desc: "The Spanish National Research Council (Spanish: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, CSIC) is the largest public institution dedicated to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. Its main objective is to develop and promote research that will help bring about scientific and technological progress, and it is prepared to collaborate with Spanish and foreign entities in order to achieve this aim. CSIC plays an important role in scientific and technological policy, since it encompasses an area that takes in everything from basic research to the transfer of knowledge to the productive sector. Its research is driven by its centres and institutes, which are spread across all the autonomous regions. CSIC has 6% of all the staff dedicated to Research and Development in Spain, and they generate approximately 20% of all scientific production in the country. It also manages a range of important facilities; the most complete and extensive network of specialist libraries, and also has joint research units."

 SPR_INDRA: "Indra"
 SPR_INDRA_desc: "Indra Sistemas, S.A. is a Spanish information technology and defense systems company. Indra is listed on the Bolsa de Madrid and is a constituent of the IBEX 35 index. Indra is organized around three business areas: information technologies, simulation & automatic test equipment, and defense electronic equipment. Indra's portfolio ranges from consultancy, project development, and systems and applications integration to outsourcing of IT systems and business processes. This offer is structured into two primary segments: solutions and services. Indra claims to focus on systems and solutions (including outsourcing and application maintenance), and business processes where technology is a strategic and differentiating element (BPO). Approximately a third of the company's annual revenues come from international markets. By geographical areas, Europe and the United States are the two international markets with the greatest weight and growth for Indra. Latin America is also a geographical area in which Indra is operating."
 SPR_instalaza: "Instalaza"
 SPR_instalaza_desc: "Instalaza S.A. is a company dedicated to the design, development and manufacture of equipment and material to military infantry. The company, founded in 1943, has its headquarters and production sites in Zaragoza, Aragon (Spain). The company is known for the production of bombs and rocket launchers equipping countries around the world, mainly to armed forces of Spain and Latin America."
 SPR_la_legion: "Legión Española"
 SPR_la_legion_desc: "From its origins, the Legion has always promoted a combat cult and a decrease in the relevance of death. It is intended to minimize the natural fear of dying, favoring the heroic acts necessary for their initial mission as professional shock troops. Much of this objective is covered by an indoctrination of the troops, which includes the so-called "legionary mysticism", definitively symbolized in the Legionary Creed."
 SPR_regulares: "Regulares"
 SPR_regulares_desc: "The groups of Regulares belong to the Spanish military forces created in 1911, in Africa and with indigenous personnel, whose organization was: a Tabor (name that receives a battalion in Regulares) of Infantry of four companies plus a squadron of cavalry, that were extended The following year to two Tabors of Infantry plus a Tabor of Cavalry."
 SPR_COE: "Grupos de Operaciones Especiales"
 SPR_COE_desc: "The Special Operations Groups (Spanish: Grupos de Operaciones Especiales, GOE) are the special operations forces of the Spanish Army. These units should not be confused with the similar-sounding Grupo Especial de Operaciones (GEO) and Grupos Operativos Especiales de Seguridad (GOES), two police forces, or the Spanish Navy's Unidad de Operaciones Especiales (UOE)."
 SPR_infanteria_marina: "Infantería de Marina"
 SPR_infanteria_marina_desc: "The Marine Corps is an elite amphibious operational unit within the Spanish Navy. It is the oldest marine infantry in the world, created on February 27, 1537 by King Charles I. The main functions of the Marines is their specialization in amphibious operations as well as their operation both by sea and land, this is projection Of naval power through the use of amphibious forces on a hostile or potentially hostile coast."
 SPR_BRIPAC: "Brigada Paracaidista (BRIPAC)"
 SPR_BRIPAC_desc: ""
 SPR_mountain: "Jefatura de Tropas de Montaña «Aragón»"
 SPR_mountain_desc: "It was created on January 1, 2008 integrated in the Light Forces Command to prepare and frame the mountain hunter regiments deployed along the southern foothills of the Pyrenees in Navarre, Aragon and Catalonia."
 SPR_aceralia: "Aceralia"
 SPR_aceralia_desc: "ACERALIA Corporación Siderúrgica is a Spanish steelmaker whose origin goes back to the national steel company (Ensidesa). In 1902 the company Altos Hornos de Vizcaya in Bilbao, a result of the merger of three companies was born: high furnaces of Bilbao, La Vizcaya and La Iberia. Later, in 1950, the national steel company society anonymous (Ensidesa), formed with the aim of strengthening the economic development of Spain in the Decade of the 60 is constituted in Avilés. On September 24, 1957 opens the first furnace of Ensidesa, called "Carmen", in honor to Carmen Polo, who opened it. " This resulted in the construction of new towns near the estuary of Avilés and the development of the city. Ensidesa becomes a very important steel industry after absorbing in 1973 to Uninsa where were the factory of Verina, Mieres factory and the factory of La Felguera (Duro Felguera company). In December 1994, as a result of the implementation of the Plan of competitiveness set AHV - Ensidesa, is the Group Corporation steel Integral (CSI), through the valorisation of the profitable assets, whose activities are initiated in 1995. The reorganization of CSI results in 1997 the creation of Aceralia Corporación Siderúrgica."
 SPR_INDRA: "Indra"
 SPR_INDRA_desc: "Indra Sistemas, S.A. is a Spanish information technology and defense systems company. Indra is listed on the Bolsa de Madrid and is a constituent of the IBEX 35 index. Indra is organized around three business areas: information technologies, simulation & automatic test equipment, and defense electronic equipment. Indra's portfolio ranges from consultancy, project development, and systems and applications integration to outsourcing of IT systems and business processes. This offer is structured into two primary segments: solutions and services. Indra claims to focus on systems and solutions (including outsourcing and application maintenance), and business processes where technology is a strategic and differentiating element (BPO). Approximately a third of the company's annual revenues come from international markets. By geographical areas, Europe and the United States are the two international markets with the greatest weight and growth for Indra. Latin America is also a geographical area in which Indra is operating."
 SPR_VCI_santa_barbara: "Santa Bárbara"
 SPR_VCI_santa_barbara_desc: "The arms industry in Spain date back to several centuries with factories such as the Royal Artillery Factory of Seville (founded in the year 1540 and was one of the first to melt the 24 gauge iron cannons in Spain in 1777), Oviedo's weapons factory (founded in 1794), the arms factory in Trubia (from where came out first in 1926 Spanish combat truck) or the gunpowder factory and explosives of the Fargue) founded in 1908). Empresa Nacional Santa Bárbara industries military society anonymous was formed as a company in 1960 to regroup various factories belonging until then the army and under the ownership of the National Institute of industry."
 SPR_TBP_santa_barbara: "Santa Bárbara"
 SPR_TBP_santa_barbara_desc: "The arms industry in Spain date back to several centuries with factories such as the Royal Artillery Factory of Seville (founded in the year 1540 and was one of the first to melt the 24 gauge iron cannons in Spain in 1777), Oviedo's weapons factory (founded in 1794), the arms factory in Trubia (from where came out first in 1926 Spanish combat truck) or the gunpowder factory and explosives of the Fargue) founded in 1908). Empresa Nacional Santa Bárbara industries military society anonymous was formed as a company in 1960 to regroup various factories belonging until then the army and under the ownership of the National Institute of industry."
 SPR_heavy_mechanized_equipment: "Infantry Fighting Vehicle (IFV)"
 SPR_heavy_mechanized_equipment_desc: ""
 SPR_industry_aceralia: "Heavy Industry"
 SPR_electronics_indra: "Information Technology"
 SPR_mec_pegaso: "Pegaso"
 SPR_mec_pegaso_desc: "Pegaso was the trademark of the Spanish company, ENASA (now integrated into Iveco Consortium) used in its cars and trucks. ENASA (Empresa Nacional de trucks, S.A.) was a Spanish company dedicated to the manufacture of commercial vehicles, mainly trucks, which, during the 1950s, also produced the Pegaso sports cars. With ENASA, the basis of a national car industry was based in a moment of total economic and political isolation of Spain. The needs of that time were primary: trucks, tractors, and technology. Thus, on the remains of Hispano-Suiza was born ENASA, whose priority was the production of heavy and public transport vehicles."
 SPR_light_mechanized_manufacturer: "Armoured Personnel Carrier (APC)"
 SPR_light_mechanized_manufacturer_desc: ""
 SPR_mot_pegaso: "Light Multirole Vehicle"
 SPR_inf_instalaza: "Infantry Equipament"
 SPR_art_cam_santa_barbara: "Artillery"
 SPR_CASA_light_aircraft_manufacturer: "Light Aircraft Designer"
 SPR_navantia_naval_manufacturer: "Naval Manufacturer"
 heavy_mechanized_research: "IFV Research Time"
 light_mechanized_research: "APC Research Time"
 SPR_pegaso: "Pegaso"
 SPR_pegaso_desc: "Pegaso was the trademark of the Spanish company, ENASA (now integrated into Iveco Consortium) used in its cars and trucks. ENASA (Empresa Nacional de trucks, S.A.) was a Spanish company dedicated to the manufacture of commercial vehicles, mainly trucks, which, during the 1950s, also produced the Pegaso sports cars. With ENASA, the basis of a national car industry was based in a moment of total economic and political isolation of Spain. The needs of that time were primary: trucks, tractors, and technology. Thus, on the remains of Hispano-Suiza was born ENASA, whose priority was the production of heavy and public transport vehicles."
 SPR_art_santa_barbara: "Santa Bárbara"
 SPR_art_santa_barbara_desc: "The arms industry in Spain date back to several centuries with factories such as the Royal Artillery Factory of Seville (founded in the year 1540 and was one of the first to melt the 24 gauge iron cannons in Spain in 1777), Oviedo's weapons factory (founded in 1794), the arms factory in Trubia (from where came out first in 1926 Spanish combat truck) or the gunpowder factory and explosives of the Fargue) founded in 1908). Empresa Nacional Santa Bárbara industries military society anonymous was formed as a company in 1960 to regroup various factories belonging until then the army and under the ownership of the National Institute of industry."
 SPR_EMT_1: "Staff of the Army"
 SPR_EMT_1_desc: "The largest state of the army is the first of the organs which are at the service of the head of State major of the army. Its most important purpose consist of providing information and judgment necessary for decision-making, the embodiment of these orders and the supervision of their compliance. To achieve its objectives, the largest state of the army manages many Affairs Chief of staff resolves to exercise his command over the army."
 SPR_EMT_2: "Staff of the Army"
 SPR_EMT_2_desc: "The Armed Forces Staff is the first of the organs which are at the service of the head of State major of the army. Its most important purpose consist of providing information and judgment necessary for decision-making, the embodiment of these orders and the supervision of their compliance. To achieve its objectives, the largest state of the army manages many Affairs Chief of staff resolves to exercise his command over the army."
 SPR_EMT_3: "Staff of the Army"
 SPR_EMT_3_desc: "The largest state of the army is the first of the organs which are at the service of the head of State major of the army. Its most important purpose consist of providing information and judgment necessary for decision-making, the embodiment of these orders and the supervision of their compliance. To achieve its objectives, the largest state of the army manages many Affairs Chief of staff resolves to exercise his command over the army."
 SPR_EMT_4: "Staff of the Army"
 SPR_EMT_4_desc: "The Armed Forces Staff is the first of the organs which are at the service of the head of State major of the army. Its most important purpose consist of providing information and judgment necessary for decision-making, the embodiment of these orders and the supervision of their compliance. To achieve its objectives, the largest state of the army manages many Affairs Chief of staff resolves to exercise his command over the army."
 estado_mayor_tierra_1: "Defensive Doctrine I"
 estado_mayor_tierra_2: "Offensive Doctrine I"
 estado_mayor_tierra_3: "Defensive Doctrine II"
 estado_mayor_tierra_4: "Offensive Doctrine II"
 SPR_EMA_1: "Staff of the Navy"
 SPR_EMA_1_desc: "The Navy Staff (EMA) is the Group of officers of the Navy of Spain, framed in its headquarters, meeting Organization, operations and logistics. It was created as of the Navy's Central largest State on December 24, 1902, to adapt the Organization of the defense system to the demands derived from the progress that it had experienced military technology. The disappearance of the Ministry of the Navy in 1977, was automatic tied to the new Ministry of Defense who succeeded the former. It is the body responsible for providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."
 SPR_EMA_2: "Staff of the Navy"
 SPR_EMA_2_desc: "The Navy Staff (EMA) is the Group of officers of the Navy of Spain, framed in its headquarters, meeting Organization, operations and logistics. It was created as of the Navy's Central largest State on December 24, 1902, to adapt the Organization of the defense system to the demands derived from the progress that it had experienced military technology. The disappearance of the Ministry of the Navy in 1977, was automatic tied to the new Ministry of Defense who succeeded the former. It is the body responsible for providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."
 estado_mayor_armada_1: "Military Doctrine I"
 estado_mayor_armada_1_desc: ""
 estado_mayor_armada_2: "Military Doctrine II"
 estado_mayor_armada_2_desc: ""
 SPR_EMEA_1: "Staff of the Air Force"
 SPR_EMEA_1_desc: "The Air Force Staff of Spain is the Group of officers of the army of Spain air meeting Organization, operations and logistics. It was created in September 1939, to organize the Ministry of the air by Decree of 1 September and the functions of each of its sections were set by law of 12 July 1940 (art. 3). The disappearance of the Air Ministry in 1977, was automatic linked to the new Ministry of Defense who succeeded the former. It is the body responsible for providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."
 SPR_EMEA_2: "Staff of the Air Force"
 SPR_EMEA_2_desc: "The Air Force Staff of Spain is the Group of officers of the army of Spain air meeting Organization, operations and logistics. It was created in September 1939, to organize the Ministry of the air by Decree of 1 September and the functions of each of its sections were set by law of 12 July 1940 (art. 3). The disappearance of the Air Ministry in 1977, was automatic linked to the new Ministry of Defense who succeeded the former. It is the body responsible for providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."
 estado_mayor_aire_1: "Military Doctrine I"
 estado_mayor_aire_1_desc: ""
 estado_mayor_aire_2: "Military Doctrine II"
 estado_mayor_aire_2_desc: ""
 SPR_army_art: "Campaign Artillery Command"
 SPR_army_art_desc: "The Campaign Artillery Command (MACA) is a set of units, field artillery and coast of the Spanish Army, placed under a single command and constituted, trained and equipped to be used in reinforcing the field artillery Of the units that are determined or in the framework of an operational organization and in the control and defense of coasts, according to the specific terrestrial doctrine. This command has the capacity to conduct activities derived from the specific missions that may be permanently assigned to it in the control and defense of costs. The Command is articulated in a headquarters and a set of field artillery units and Coast."
 SPR_army_artillery_2: "MACA"
 SPR_army_armor: "National Training Center «San Gregorio»"
 SPR_army_armor_desc: "The National Training Center «San Gregorio» (CENAD San ​​Gregorio) is a military training center of the Spanish Army located in the Quintana General Barracks and the San Gregorio Field and Maneuver Field, both in the Close to the city of Zaragoza (in the municipalities of Castejón de Valdejasa, Tauste, Torres de Berrellén, Villanueva de Gállego, Zuera and Zaragoza itself). It is one of two National Training Centers in Spain along with the Chinchilla National Training Center (CENAD Chinchilla). It is designed for the accomplishment of maneuvers of training, mainly armored and mechanized, facilitating facilities and means of virtual simulation. It consists of a commander, a training and evaluation group, a battalion unit and a support unit. The origin of the National Training Center "San Gregorio" is located in the Field of Tire and Maneuvers created in the area in 1910. Between 1974 and 1976 it increased its area almost to its current limits, reaching almost 34,000 hectares, with a perimeter Of 108 kilometers, incorporating in 1975 the first staff of the Military Command of the Field of Maneuvers. After several reorganizations, on January 1, 1999, the current "San Gregorio" Training Center was created from the Maneuver Field Command. The new CENAD was subject to the Direction of Teaching, Instruction, Training and Evaluation of the Command of Training and Doctrine. In 2001, the unit began to occupy the Quintana General Barracks, more suited to the new needs created by the advances that had been experienced in instruction and training."
 SPR_army_armored_2: "CENAD San Gregorio"
 SPR_army_conceal: "Air Defence Command"
 SPR_army_conceal_desc: "The Spanish Army Air Defence Command (Spanish Mando de Artillería Antiaérea, MAAA) is a specific command of the Spanish Army, composed of anti-air artillery units under a same command, formed, trained and equipped to contribute, into a joint or joint/combined frame, to the air space control and defense. Those units may act either in the national territory or as a reinforcement to allied organization based on the joint and Army specific doctrine."
 SPR_army_concealment_2: "MAAA"
 SPR_army_log: "Operational Logistic Force"
 SPR_army_log_desc: "The Operational Logistic Force (FLO) is the body of the Spanish Army's Land Force composed of a set of units under a single command, trained and equipped to provide logistical support to the units in operations. It was created in 2005, with the purpose of adapting the old regional logistic assistance to the organic transformations that the Army had experienced since the decade of the eighties. The headquarters of its headquarters is located in the Palace of Captaincy of La Coruña. Its head is exercised by a general of division or a lieutenant-general."
 SPR_army_logistics_2: "FLO"
 SPR_army_infantry: "Infantry Academy"
 SPR_army_infantry_desc: "The Infantry Academy (ACINF) is a military training center of the Spanish Army located in the city of Toledo. The center is responsible for providing basic training, specialization and training for officers and non-commissioned officers of the infantry branch of the Spanish Army. The academy was created with the name of Infantry College in Toledo, in 1850. The October 17 of 1875, after having been temporarily transferred to Madrid, settled in the Alcázar of Toledo. It disappeared in 1882 to be absorbed by the newly created Military Academy, but returned to constitute like Academy of Infantry when the General Military Academy was dissolved in 1893."
 SPR_army_infantry_2: "ACINF"
 SPR_army_commando: "Special Operations Command"
 SPR_army_commando_desc: "The Special Operations Command (Spanish: Mando de Operaciones Especiales) is the command charged with overseeing the various Special Operations Groups (Grupos de Operaciones Especiales or GOE) of the Spanish Army. It was created in 1997, following other NATO armies organization. The Spanish Army had created in the 1980s six Special Operation Groups (Grupos de Operaciones Especiales, GOE) and also had a Special Operations group in the Spanish Legion, the Bandera de Operaciones Especiales de la Legión (BOEL). Subordinate operating units are Grupos de Operaciones Especiales Valencia III, Tercio del Ampurdán IV, and Bandera de Operaciones Especiales "C. L. Maderal Oleaga" XIX de la Legión."
 SPR_army_commando_2: "MOE"
 SPR_navy_amphib_invader: "Fuerza de Infantería de Marina"
 SPR_navy_amphib_invader_desc: "The two main units of the Marine Corps, dependent on the General Commander of the Corps, are the Tercio de Armada and the Protection Force (established a maximum of 4,680 troops, being 90% of its capacity)."
 SPR_navy_amphibious_assault_3: "FIM"
 SPR_navy_fleet_log: "Intendance Corps of the Navy"
 SPR_navy_fleet_log_desc: "The Intendance Corps of the Navy is one of the Patented Corps of the Spanish Navy, having as its functions the planning and management of economic resources and advice on economic and financial matters in the Navy, administrative services, acquisition of effects , Factories of food, clothing, supplies and other logistic-economic services."
 SPR_navy_fleet_logistics_2: ""
 SPR_navy_submarine_commander: "Submarine Weapon"
 SPR_navy_submarine_commander_desc: "The Submarine Weapon, also called Flotilla of Submarines (FLOSUB), is the submarine component of the Spanish Navy since 1915. Its mission is the submarine protection of the fleet, by means of the elimination of the surface and submarine threats that can prevent the free action Of the Navy. It also has the mission of collecting intelligence, reconnaissance missions and information in advanced zones to support a Naval Force and infiltration missions on the coast of special operations commands. The future of the Underwater Weapon focuses on the new class of nationally-built submarines, the S-80s. It is a technological bet of the Spanish industry, with the conception of a ship with intelligent systems of security, weapons, sensors, satellite communication and with a revolutionary system of propulsion independent of the atmosphere, that will allow to meet the new challenges And missions that will be assigned to the submarines of the future, such as their integration with surface, air and special operations forces or the multiple roles of intelligence and surveillance in conflict zones."
 SPR_navy_submarine_2: "FLOSUB"
 SPR_navy_naval_capital_commander: "Naval Action Force"
 SPR_navy_naval_capital_commander_desc: "The Naval Action Force (FAN) is the set of means and units of the Navy whose mission is to carry out missions related to capabilities such as naval power projection, maritime security and safety, freedom of action and operational logistical support."
 SPR_navy_capital_ship_2: "FAN"
 SPR_navy_naval_screen_commander: "Maritime Action Force"
 SPR_navy_naval_screen_commander_desc: "The Maritime Action Force is made up of a group of units whose main purpose is to prepare for the protection of national maritime interests and the control of maritime areas of sovereignty and national interest, contributing to all the activities carried out by the Different public administrations with responsibilities in the maritime field."
 SPR_navy_screen_2: "FAM"
 SPR_navy_carrier_commander: "Strategic Naval Action Force"
 SPR_navy_carrier_commander_desc: "The Strategic Action Force (FANE) consists of the set of units whose main purpose is to prepare to protect national maritime interests and the control of maritime areas of national interest"
 SPR_navy_carrier_2: "FAE"
 SPR_air_airborne: "Brigada de Paracaidistas"
 SPR_air_airborne_desc: "Based in Paracuellos del Jarama (Madrid) and Murcia. At the moment it counts on three regiments, three flags and other smaller units, that act like unit of force, since its main mission is the combat within the enemy lines and not of front like a normal army."
 SPR_air_airborne_3: "BRIPAC"
 SPR_air_naval_strike: "Aircraft Flotilla"
 SPR_air_naval_strike_desc: "The Aircraft Flotilla (FLOAN) is the aerial weapon of the Spanish Navy since 1954. It is in charge of providing air support and protection to the fleet and providing air support to the Marine Corps. It is formed by eleven squadrons in total, seven of them active and four deactivated, each one equipped with a specific model of aircraft."
 SPR_air_naval_strike_2: "FLOAN"
 SPR_air_bomber_interceptor: "Defense and Air Operations Command"
 SPR_air_bomber_interceptor_desc: "The Defense and Air Operations Command (MDOA) is an auxiliary body of the Chief of the General Staff of Defense of Spain (JEMAD), integrated into the organizational structure of the General Staff of Defense as a permanent operational organization. Its objective is to plan, conduct and control the military operations of surveillance, security, control and air police of airspace under sovereignty, responsibility and interest for Spain."
 SPR_air_bomber_interception_2: "MDOA"
 SPR_air_controller: "The Combat Air Command"
 SPR_air_controller_desc: "The Combat Air Command, known by its acronym MACOM, is the unit of command of the Spanish Army of the Air that is in charge of the support and preparation of the air units for the combat, as well as of constituting the system of command and control of the Offensive activities of the Air Force. To this end, it has the possibility of operational deployment both in missions with other units of the Spanish Armed Forces and in the international arena."
 SPR_air_air_superiority_1: "MACOM"
 SPR_air_close_supporter_I: "Ala 11"
 SPR_air_close_supporter_I_desc: "In 1940 work began on the Military Aerodrome "Vázquez Sagastizábal", original name of the Base, constituting the following year the School of Chase with material Fiat CR-32 "Chirri". This School would run until 1956 when the Light Bombardment Wing was created. 7, with material Heinkel 111. Three years later this Wing of bombing was replaced by the Wing of Chase núm. 5 equipped with F-86 "Saber" aircraft. In 1970 the first F-5 "Northrop" (A.9 according to the name of the Air Force) was received, which, based on the agreements with the United States of America, had been built by Aeronautical Constructions S.A. (CASA) in his factory of Getafe, constituting in 1971 the Tactical Wing núm. 21. During these years, the Unit would be considered by the specialized press as the "most trained operational unit in Europe", having an outstanding work in the operations carried out on the occasion of the decolonization of the Sahara. In 1992, Moron C-101 (E.25) aircraft from the General Air Academy arrived in Morón to replace the recently discharged F-5s. Also in 1992, Morón P.3 "Orion" aircraft were received from Jerez de la Frontera Air Base (Cadiz), which would be incorporated as Group 22 of the Wing 21. Between 1995 and 1997 the "roosters" of Morón , At that time Group 21, "sharpen their spurs" and begin to operate the F-18 ceasing to operate the C-101 progressively. In 1996 the first eight airplanes were received, with which the Group 21 became operational in 1997. On July 30, 1999, when the Manises Air Base (Valencia) was definitively closed, the Unit was named Ala 11, receiving Its historical legacy, including the original script of the legendary García Morato. Ala 11 is then administratively dependent on the Air Command of the Strait, counting on groups 11 (F-18) and 22 (P-3 "Orion"). At this point, the Group 22, born in 1962 at the "La Parra" Air Base in Jerez de la Frontera, deserves special mention, although with the name of 601 Squadron of Aeronaval Cooperation, which until 1972 The Wing 22. It was endowed with AN-1 Grumman "Albatros" aircraft, which carried out almost 28,000 flight hours until its drop in 1978. On July 25, 1973, the first three P-3 "Orion" "Alfa" that were reinforced with other four, also of the model "Alfa" in rent system from 1978, at which time we said goodbye to the Grumman. In 1988, 5 P-3 "Bravo" aircraft were purchased from the Norwegian Air Force, replacing the 4 "Alfa" aircraft leased to the US Navy. Currently the fleet consists of 1 P-3 aircraft of the "Alfa" model (P-3A), 1 of the "Bravo" model (P-3B) and 3 P-3M aircraft (the letter M comes from "modernized" Which was received in May 2007. This modernization has significantly improved its capabilities and expands the already broad spectrum of missions in which P-3 aircraft have been used. P-3 aircraft have the capacity to perform, to a greater or lesser extent, the following missions: anti-submarine and anti-surface combat, maritime surveillance, mining, drug trafficking and illegal immigration, search and rescue, air command and control, electronic and photographic intelligence , Communications relay, etc. ... and all this can be done at great distances from the base of departure (more than 2,000 km.). Group 22 is made up of some 74 people who operate the aircraft with which it is equipped (currently P-3), which have been carried out today (January 2013), more than 69,000 hours of flight to Throughout his career, participating in numerous Multinational Exercises and in peacekeeping missions. The most important of these were to highlight those carried out in Djibouti for two years (2002-04), within the operation "Enduring Freedom", where the Unit permanently deployed a P-3B aircraft and 44 people, throughout the Some 240 missions were carried out on the maritime areas of the Red Sea, Gulf of Aden and Horn of Africa. On 20 September, the Unit deployed in Djibouti under the National Sentinel Operation against acts of piracy in Somali waters. From January 23, 2009 and to this day P3 Orión participates with an aircraft and a crew, plus its maintenance team, in the "ATALANTA OPERATION" within the framework of a United Nations resolution. To date (January 2013) a total of 443 missions and 3,741 flight hours have been carried out. As for Group 11, on 27 May 2004, the first three Eurofighter (C.16) aircraft arrived from the EADS-CASA facilities in Getafe, the first pilots to form the 113 Operational Conversion Squadron and the personnel Specialist who had made the corresponding courses of adaptation to the new aerial material. At present, it continues with the reception of new aircraft totaling 29 units delivered to the Unit. Pilots and specialists are being gradually incorporated to complete the allocations assigned to the 111, 112 and 113 Squadrons that will be in Group 11. In 2008, the alert service was activated, participating actively in air defense missions Assigned to the Air Force. At Morón Air Base, there are personnel and facilities belonging to the Second Supporting Air Support Squadron (SEADA). In addition to the units mentioned above, there is also an American presence in the Air Base since 1957; Currently, there is the 496 Air Base Squadron, USAF Logistics Support Unit. The base of Morón was, in addition, Base of support for all the flights of the space shuttle given the characteristics of the aeronautical installations and of the runway, one of the longest of Europe."
 SPR_air_air_superiority_2: "«Vista, Suerte y al Toro»"
 SPR_air_close_supporter_II: "Ala 12"
 SPR_air_close_supporter_II_desc: "Ala 12 (English: Wing 12) is an Ejército del Aire (English: Spanish Air Force) wing based at Torrejón Air Base. The wing operates McDonnell Douglas EF-18A/B Hornet fighter aircraft for air defense and international deployments under the operational and organizational command of Combat Air Command (MACOM) The squadron's motto is "no le busques tres pies..." Ala 12's first major international duty came when the wing formed the core of Detachment Icarus, Spain's air contingent of Operation Deliberate Force and Operation Allied Force. This duty was shared with Ala 15, and both rotated forces through the detachment from 1995 through 2002. 123 Squadron was disbanded in October 2002 and the operation of the RF-4C came to an end with 90,000 flight hours having been logged by the wing on the Phantom II, leaving the EF-18 as the sole equipment of the wing. In November 2003, Ala 12 flight hours on the Hornet exceeded 100,000, a total greater than that flown by any of the unit's previous aircraft types. Ala 12's Hornets were the first Spanish aircraft to undergo a mid-life update, and in 2006, 122 Squadron was recognized by NATO an operational evaluation rating of "Mission Capable". 121 Squadron was deployed to Decimomannu Air Base on the island of Sardinia in Italy with four planes to constitute Detachment Argos. They provided the initial Spanish contingent of NATO forces in Operation Odyssey Dawn, the American-led portion of the 2011 military intervention in Libya, from 19–28 March 2011. Following this, they participated in NATO's Operation Unified Protector until mid-May 2011 when relieved by 122 Squadron, which was in turn relieved by Ala 15 on 6 July 2011."
 SPR_air_close_air_support_1: "«No le busques tres pies...»"
 SPR_est_may_def: "Estado Mayor de la Defensa"
 SPR_est_may_def_desc: "The Madrid-based Defense Staff (EMAD) is an organ of the Spanish Ministry of Defense that operates as an auxiliary of the Chief of Defense Staff (JEMAD) within the organizational structure of the Armed Forces of Spain And in a hierarchical military position of dependency of that one. It is regulated by Organic Law 5/2005, of 17 November, of National Defense, Royal Decree 1551/2004 and Defense Order 1076/2005. Its objectives are to support the Chief of Staff, develop military strategy and design military operations. Its purpose is to assist the President of the Government and the Minister of Defense, the command of the military structure, the direction of the military operations, the planning and joint action of the Armed Forces of Spain and the multinational actions, as well as the coordination of The Chiefs of Staff of the Army, the Navy and the Air Force."
 emd_theorist: "EMAD"
 SPR_military_theorist: "The Command and Training Command"
 SPR_military_theorist_desc: "The Command and Training Command, MADOC, is the organ of Force Support responsible in the field of Spanish Army of the direction, inspection, Coordination and investigation in matters of doctrine, organic, materials, teaching and instructional systems, Training and evaluation for their application to combat. It also controls the process of lessons learned, is responsible for the development at its level of the missions derived from the legislation in force in the field of physical-military education and driving and road safety. MADOC is under the direct dependence of the Chief of Staff of the Army and advises him in the above mentioned matters, bearing before him the representation of the Arms and Corps of the Army."
 SPR_ege_military_theorist: "MADOC"
 SPR_naval_theorist: "The Center for Doctrine of the Fleet"
 SPR_naval_theorist_desc: "The Center for Doctrine of the Fleet (CEFLOT) is a unit of the Spanish Navy through which the Fleet Admiral conducts, promotes, regulates and inspects the procedure by which tactical doctrine is created. This center works with national and allied tactical doctrine generation agencies on behalf of the Fleet Admiral, through the Doctrine Section. It is also in charge of analyzing the experiences and observations related to the operations and exercises sent by the heads of the Force, from the Analysis Section. Its leadership is held by a naval captain of the General Corps of the Navy or a colonel of the Corps of Marine Corps. The CEFLOT operates as the Permanent Secretariat of the President of the Fleet Tactical Board (PREJUTAC), a working body that provides the necessary assistance for the development of its tasks to the Board."
 SPR_enm_naval_theorist: "CEFLOT"
 SPR_air_warfare_theorist: "Air Warfare Center"
 SPR_air_warfare_theorist_desc: "The Air Warfare Center (CEGA) is attached to the General Staff of the Air Force and is the body responsible for advising, researching and developing military thinking and doctrine, as well as the other functions and tasks established in Ministerial Order 83 / 2000."
 SPR_aga_air_warfare_theorist: "CEGA"
 SPR_santa_barbara_tank_manufacturer: "Armoured Fighting Vehicle (AFV)"
 SPR_ejercito_otan_idea: "NATO Model Army"
 SPR_ejercito_otan_idea_desc: "We need to improve the quality of our equipment, and the training of our troops. We might not have the largest army in the world, but Fuerzas Armadas Españolas must be known worldwide for being the most elite fighting force on earth."
 SPR_ejercito_popular_idea: "People's Army"
 SPR_ejercito_popular_idea_desc: "It is the instrument of power of the proletarian class. The existence of the People's Army is due to the need to protect and secure the achievements of socialism in the face of imperialist aggression. The motto is: "For the Defense of the Worker and Peasant Power"."
 EPR_academia_estado_mayor: "Higher School of the AFR"
 EPR_academia_estado_mayor_desc: "The Higher School of the Armed Forces of the Republic (hereinafter referred to as ESFAR) is the joint center in which the officers of the Major States of the three branches of the Armed Forces of the Republic (Army, Air and Armada), the Military Revolutionary Council and those destined in international organizations of security and defense with Spanish participation. This school is integrated in the Superior Center for Studies of National Defense (CESEDEN), which has its headquarters in the city of Madrid. In ESFAR, other teaching activities are carried out, such as the Qualification Course for the Promotion of the General Officer, the Superior Intelligence Training of the Armed Forces, the joint preparation phase to be promoted to commander or captain of corvette. Investigations are also carried out and disseminated related to the matters that affect the Armed Forces as a whole or to the joint and combined activities of the Defense. The Headquarters of the Higher School of the Armed Forces is held by a general officer who is assisted by another general officer, colonel or captain of the ship in charge of the Headquarters of Studies, and by a Secretariat of Studies."
 EPR_theorist: "ESFAR"
 EPR_EMT: "Staff of the Army"
 EPR_EMT_desc: "The new military doctrine is a system of opinions on the nature of war and the methods of undertaking it, and on the preparation of the country and the army for war, officially adopted in a given state and its armed forces. Theoreticians emphasized the political and "military-technical" aspects of military doctrine, while from the socialist point of view capitalists ignore the political aspect."
 EPR_estado_mayor_tierra: "Political-Military Doctrine"
 EPR_EMA: "Staff of the Navy"
 EPR_EMA_desc: "The new military doctrine is a system of opinions on the nature of war and the methods to undertake it, and on the preparation of the country and the army for war, officially adopted in a given state and its armed forces. Theoreticians emphasized the political and "military-technical" aspects of military doctrine, while from the socialist point of view capitalists ignore the political aspect. "
 EPR_estado_mayor_armada: "Political-Military Doctrine"
 EPR_EMEA: "Staff of the Air Force"
 EPR_EMEA_desc: "The new military doctrine is a system of opinions on the nature of war and the methods to undertake it, and on the preparation of the country and the army for war, officially adopted in a given state and its armed forces. Theoreticians emphasized the political and "military-technical" aspects of military doctrine, while from the socialist point of view capitalists ignore the political aspect. "
 EPR_estado_mayor_aire: "Political-Military Doctrine"
 EPR_doctrina_militar: "National Principles of War"
 EPR_doctrina_militar_desc: "For the Communists, war is a manifestation of the class struggle. It is an expression of the conflict between the "progressive forces of socialism" and the "reactionary forces of imperialist capitalism," which they believe will ultimately be resolved in favor of socialism. The Communist concept of war represents a continuation of politics. In Western perceptions, war occurs when politics fails to resolve conflicts nonviolently. Communists feel that war is the least desirable method by which the forces of history will move toward full victory for socialism. Communist political and military theorists compare the socialist and capitalist fields with a concept called "correlation of forces." This concept compares the relative political, moral, economic and military forces of both sides. In the communist vision, the correlation of forces has changed in favor of the capitalist camp. The Marxist-Leninist ideology requires that the correlation continually change in favor of socialism. The correlation of forces can be promoted by both violent and non-violent means. When it is advanced by violent means, the military component of the correlation is the dominant factor. Military doctrine contains two dimensions - sociopolitical and military-technical. The sociopolitical dimension, which derives from the class nature of a society, constitutes the basic framework of a state's national security policy and is formulated by the political leadership. The military-technical dimension is formulated within the sociopolitical framework. It focuses on the structure of the armed forces, their equipment and training, and planning for the conduct of war. Military-technical doctrine takes into account the conclusions of militay theory and practice and is largely the preserve of the professional military leadership. Because of the character of their concerns and the division of responsibilities whithin socialism system, political and military authorities look at the same issue from different angles, and on occasion derive what appear to be contradictory conclusions. An example of such an apparent contradiction is the traditional characterization of military doctrine as both defensive and offensive."
 EPR_operaciones_profundidad: "Attack in Depth"
 EPR_defensa_total_pueblo: "Total People's Defense"
 EPR_defensa_total_pueblo_desc: "With the promulgation of the National Defense Law, Spain has adopted a total military doctrine of war called Total People's Defense (DTP). Inspired by the wars of popular liberation against the fascist occupiers and their collaborators in the different warlike conflicts and it has been designed to allow Spain to maintain or eventually reestablish its independent state if an invasion occurs. Any citizen who resists an aggressor is a member of the armed forces, so the whole population could become an army of monolithic resistance. From primary education, secondary schools, universities, organizations and enterprises, the authorities prepare the entire population to challenge a possible occupation of the country and finally to release it. To this end, the Territorial Defense Forces (FDT) would be formed to mobilize the population in case of aggression. Preparation for FDT combat means that steps of organization and training could be avoided after the outbreak of hostilities. The Territorial Defense Forces would complement the regular Armed Forces of the Republic, giving it greater defensive depth and an armed local population willing to support combat actions. A large number of armed civilians would increase the cost of an invasion of a potential aggressor. The most likely scenario in the DTP doctrine is a general war between NATO and the CSTO. In such a situation, Spain would remain non-aligned, and would not accept foreign troops from any of the alliances in its territory. The doctrine recognizes the probability that one side or the other will try to appropriate the national territory as an advanced area, to secure lines of communication or simply to deny the territory to enemy forces. Such an action would be considered aggression and would be resisted. The occupiers would be considered the enemy of the Republic."
 EPR_fuerzas_defensa_territorial: "Territorial Defense Forces"
 EPR_ejercito_ofensivo: "Army Offensive"
 EPR_ejercito_ofensivo_desc: "An army in the first echelon of a front offensive normally has a mission to attack through enemy defenses to the immediate operational depth, the enemy corps rear area. The achievement of an army's mission is the culmination of successive attacks conducted by its divisions. A combined arms army may have two to four motorized divisions and one or two tank divisions. A tank army may have two to four tank divisions and one or two motorized divisions. An army offensive normally has a frontage 60 to 100 kilometers wide. The first echelon of an army normally contains most of the army's combat power. Army follow -on forces could include- A second echelon or a combined arms reserve. An operational maneuver group. Special reserves."
 EPR_operaciones_ejercito_ofensivo: "Offensive Operations"
 EPR_defensa_aerea: "Air Defense"
 EPR_defensa_aerea_desc: "The objective of the Armed Forces of the Republic (AFR) tactical air defense system is to reduce the effectiveness of enemy air attacks. This can be achieved by forcing enemy aircraft to expend their ordnance while still beyond the effective or optimum ranges of their weapons or by destroying the aircraft when they come within effective range of air defense weapons. There are two important concepts in AFR tactical air defense. First, air defense is considered to be an integral element of the combined arms concept. Secondly, air defense of ground forces is achieved by a variety of weapons and equipment that together form a system of air defense."
 EPR_operaciones_defensa_aerea: "Air Defense Tactics"
 EPR_antitanque_apoyo: "Antitank Support"
 EPR_antitanque_apoyo_desc: "The Armed Forces of the Republic (AFR) divide antitank weapons into two categories: general and special. General weapon systems include missiles, aircraft, tanks, and artillery. These systems are designed to destroy a wide variety of battlefield targets, but may be employed successfully against tanks and other armored vehicles. According to the AFR, any artillery-type weapon (over 20 mm) should have an antiarmor capability. All conventional artillery up to 152-mm caliber has good direct fire antitank capability and carries some armor-defeating ammunition. The 122-mm towed and SP howitzers .and the 152-mm SP howitzer with their 360 degree traverse are particularly effective in this role. Field artillery often is used for direct fire. Antiaircraft guns could engage ground targets if required. Special antitank weapon systems consist of antitank guided missiles (ATGMs), antitank guns, grenade launchers, and recoilless guns. These Weapons are designed specifically to destroy tanks and their crews by direct fire. The AFR consider ATGMs to be very effective antitank weapons, but limited by minimum ranges, low rate of fire, and visibility requirements. AFR antitank forces therefore have been structured with a mix of ATGMs and direct fire weapons (guns and grenade launchers). The direct fire weapons provide quick-response fires at medium, short, and point-blank ranges, on broken ground, and under favorable visibility conditions."
 EPR_operaciones_antitanque: "Antitank Tactics"
 EPR_atilleria_apoyo: "Fire Support"
 EPR_atilleria_apoyo_desc: "The Armed Forces of the Republic concept of fire support embraces all combat support provided to the ground-gaining arms by rocket and artillery troops and aviation using conventional ammunition. Nuclear fires are excluded from this concept. The Armed Forces of the Republic consider nuclear weapons to be so powerful that they cannot be said to support the combat operations of the ground-gaining arms. Instead, they constitute a separate and independent element of combat power which can accomplish the missions of destroying major enemy combat formations, command and control facilities, and logistics centers."
 EPR_operaciones_artilleria: "Artillery Tactics"
 EPR_operaciones_aerotransportadas: "Airborne Operations"
 EPR_operaciones_aerotransportadas_desc: "The Armed Forces of the Republic military doctrine calls for using airborne forces in both conventional and nuclear environments Airborne units are an integral part of many operations at army  and front levels. Aerial envelopment of the enemy has become an important maneuver in modern offensive operations. The primary theater warfare role of airborne units is to support the rapid advance of  a large combined arms force deep into the enemy's operational or operational-strategic depth. Airborne units may be used in conjunction with an operational maneuver group (OMG) during offensive operations the OMG is a combined arms formation employed in army-and front-level offensive operations to raid deep into the enemy's rear area."
 EPR_tacticas_aerotransportadas: "Airborne Tactics"
 EPR_operaciones_anfibias: "Amphibious Operations"
 EPR_operaciones_anfibias_desc: "The Armed Forces of the Republic military strategy currently recognizes the importance and complexity of amphibious operations. It has the capability to conduct tactical landings with highly mobile forces, air cushion vehicles, and landing ships."
 EPR_tacticas_anfibias: "Amphibious Tactics"
 EPR_operaciones_especiales: "Unconventional Warfare"
 EPR_operaciones_especiales_desc: "Unconventional warfare (UW) consists of a variety of military and paramilitary operations. UW includes partisan warfare, subversion, and sabotage, conducted during periods of peace and war. It also includes other operations of a coven or clandestine nature."
 EPR_tacticas_especiales: "Unconventional Warfare Tactics"
 EPR_operaciones_montana: "Mountain Warfare"
 EPR_operaciones_montana_desc: "Mountain environments vary widely according to soil composition, surface configuration, altitude, latitude, and climatic pattern. The Armed Forces of the Republic consider any relief feature rising 200 meters above the surrounding area to be amountain. As a result, combat in mountains is hampered by: The number and condition of roads. The screening effect of mountains on electronic equipment. Fluctuations in weather. Increased wear and tear on equipment, increased fuel consumption, and logistical requirements. Reduced rates of advance. Slides and floods difficulty of bypassing NBC contaminated zones. Limited maneuver space for troops and vehicles. Masking of artillery fires. Requirement for special training and equipment."
 EPR_tacticas_montana: "Mountain Tactics"
 EPR_aire_apoyo_ofensivo: "Support in the Offense"
 EPR_aire_apoyo_ofensivo_desc: "Besides the air operation at the onset of theater-level hostilities, the new military doctrine calls for air support of ground forces in offensive operations. The Armed Forces of the Republic recognize four stages of air support within an offensive operation: support for movement forward, air preparation, air support, and air accompaniment, which correspond to the phases of the fire support plan. The major difference between the phases is their time of deployment, although there are some differences in targeting, command, and aircraft."
 EPR_aire_doctrina_apoyo_ofensivo: "Air Support Doctrine"
 EPR_aire_apoyo_defensivo: "Support in the Defense"
 EPR_aire_apoyo_defensivo_desc: "In the defense, air fire support is integrated into the overall defensive fire plan. The air fire support plan extends to the immediate operational depth of the enemy and seeks to disrupt his attack plans. Several variations of the air fire support plan are developed in detail. Variations of the plan take into account the anticipated actions of the enemy and his most probable avenues of approach. An aviation counterpreparation is planned for each variation the objective of the counterpreparation is to launch a powerful, surprise, concentrated strike of short duration to preempt the enemy's plan."
 EPR_aire_doctrina_apoyo_defensivo: "Air Support Doctrine"
 EPR_armada_arte_operacional_I: "Naval Operational Art"
 EPR_armada_arte_operacional_I_desc: "Naval operational art encompasses theory and practice of preparation for and conduct of integrated fleet, naval, and amphibious landing operations, antiamphibious operations, and employement of naval forces in combined arms, joint, as well as independent operations."
 EPR_armada_arte_operacional_II: "Naval Operational Art"
 EPR_armada_arte_operacional_II_desc: "Naval operational art encompasses theory and practice of preparation for and conduct of integrated fleet, naval, and amphibious landing operations, antiamphibious operations, and employement of naval forces in combined arms, joint, as well as independent operations."
 EPR_armada_ao_defensa_costera: "Tactics Of Coast Defense"
 EPR_armada_ao_proyeccion_oceanica: "The Sea Power of the State"
 SPR_populista_miracle_industry: "Spanish Miracle"
 SPR_populista_miracle_industry_desc: "The Spanish miracle (Spanish: El Milagro español, literally "The Spanish Miracle") is the name given to a broadly based economic boom in Spain."
 SPR_taxation_reform_idea: "Taxation Reforms"
 SPR_redistribution_program: "Redistribution of Wealth Government Programs"
 SPR_political_shifts_idea: "Internal Political Shifts"
 SPR_guardia_asalto_idea: "Assault Guard"
 SPR_idea_focus_equal_women: "Equal Workforce"
 SPR_idea_focus_equal_women_desc: "This country has made significant efforts to get its female population into the national workforce and into all sorts of employment. This greatly benefits the economy, as it basically doubles the available manpower - or... womanpower."
 SPR_idea_NEP_emulacion_socialista: "Socialist Emulation"
 SPR_socialista_miracle_industry: "Economic Efficiency of Socialist Production"
 SPR_prison_workforce_mobilized: "Prison Workforce Mobilized"

 SPR_industria: ""
 SPR_energia: ""
 SPR_economia: ""
 SPR_MOPU: ""
 SPR_hacienda: ""
 SPR_trabajo: ""
 SPR_defensa: ""
 SPR_interior: ""
 SPR_exterior: ""
 SPR_educacion: ""
 SPR_cultura: ""
 SPR_presidencia: ""
 SPR_agricultura: ""
 SPR_sanidad: ""
 SPR_justicia: ""
 SPR_min_ns_ejercito: ""
 SPR_min_ns_marina: ""
 SPR_min_ns_aire: ""
 SPR_min_ns_industria: ""
 SPR_min_ns_MOPU: ""
 SPR_min_ns_hacienda: ""
 SPR_min_ns_trabajo: ""
 SPR_min_ns_gobernacion: ""
 SPR_min_ns_exterior: ""
 SPR_min_ns_educacion: ""
 SPR_min_ns_informacion: ""
 SPR_min_ns_sindical: ""
 SPR_min_ns_agricultura: ""
 SPR_min_ns_sanidad: ""
 SPR_min_ns_justicia: ""
 SPR_min_rde_industria: ""
 SPR_min_rde_energia: ""
 SPR_min_rde_economia: ""
 SPR_min_rde_MOPU: ""
 SPR_min_rde_hacienda: ""
 SPR_min_rde_IOC: ""
 SPR_min_rde_defensa: ""
 SPR_min_rde_interior: ""
 SPR_min_rde_exterior: ""
 SPR_min_rde_educacion: ""
 SPR_min_rde_cultura: ""
 SPR_min_rde_ciencia: ""
 SPR_min_rde_seguridad_estado: ""
 SPR_min_rde_sanidad: ""
 SPR_min_rde_justicia: ""
 SPR_min_rse_industria: ""
 SPR_min_rse_economia: ""
 SPR_min_rse_energia: ""
 SPR_min_rse_MOPU: ""
 SPR_min_rse_hacienda: ""
 SPR_min_rse_agricultura: ""
 SPR_min_rse_defensa: ""
 SPR_min_rse_interior: ""
 SPR_min_rse_exterior: ""
 SPR_min_rse_educacion: ""
 SPR_min_rse_cultura: ""
 SPR_min_rse_trabajo: ""
 SPR_min_rse_bienestar_social: ""
 SPR_min_rse_sanidad: ""
 SPR_min_rse_justicia: ""
 SPR_communist_politician: "Communism"
 SPR_democratic_socialist_politician: "Socialism"
 SPR_progressive_politician: "Progressivsm"
 SPR_social_democrat_politician: "Social Democracy"
 SPR_market_liberal_politician: "Libertarianism"
 SPR_social_liberal_politician: "Social Liberalism"
 SPR_conservative_politician: "Conservatism"
 SPR_reactionary_politician: "Reactionary"
 SPR_nationalist_politician: "Nationalism"
 SPR_islamist_politician: "Islamism"
 SPR_monarchist_politician: "Monarchism"
 SPR_fascist_politician: "Falangism"
 #Leader Traits
 cuartel_general_ejercito_tierra_1: "The Army General Staff"
 cuartel_general_ejercito_tierra_1_desc: "The Army General Staff is the first of the bodies serving the Chief of Staff of the Army. Its most important purpose is to provide it with the information and the elements of judgment necessary for the decision-making process, placing them in order and supervising their compliance. To achieve its objectives, the General Staff of the Army manages all matters resolved by the Chief of Staff in the exercise of its command over the Army."
 cuartel_general_ejercito_tierra_2: "The Army General Staff"
 cuartel_general_ejercito_tierra_2_desc: "The Army General Staff is the first of the bodies serving the Chief of Staff of the Army. Its most important purpose is to provide it with the information and the elements of judgment necessary for the decision-making process, placing them in order and supervising their compliance. To achieve its objectives, the General Staff of the Army manages all matters resolved by the Chief of Staff in the exercise of its command over the Army."
 cuartel_general_ejercito_aire_1: "The Air Staff of Spain"
 cuartel_general_ejercito_aire_1_desc: "The Air Staff of Spain is the group of officers of the Air Force of Spain who perform tasks of organization, operations and logistics. It was created in September of 1939, when the Ministry of the Air was organized by Decree of September 1st and the functions proper to each one of its sections were fixed by Law of July 12, 1940 (article 3). When the Air Ministry disappeared in 1977, it was automatically linked to the new Ministry of Defense that succeeded the previous one. It is the body in charge of providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."
 cuartel_general_ejercito_aire_2: "The Air Staff of Spain"
 cuartel_general_ejercito_aire_2_desc: "The Air Staff of Spain is the group of officers of the Air Force of Spain who perform tasks of organization, operations and logistics. It was created in September of 1939, when the Ministry of the Air was organized by Decree of September 1st and the functions proper to each one of its sections were fixed by Law of July 12, 1940 (article 3). When the Air Ministry disappeared in 1977, it was automatically linked to the new Ministry of Defense that succeeded the previous one. It is the body in charge of providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."
 cuartel_general_armada_1: "The General Staff of the Spanish Armada"
 cuartel_general_armada_1_desc: "The General Staff of the Spanish Armada (EMA) is the group of officers of the Spanish Navy, within its headquarters, who perform tasks of organization, operations and logistics. It was created as the Central General Staff of the Navy on December 24, 1902, to adapt the organization of the defense system to the demands derived from advances that had been experienced in military technology. When the Ministry of the Navy disappeared in 1977, it was automatically linked to the new Ministry of Defense that succeeded the previous one. It is the body in charge of providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."
 cuartel_general_armada_2: "The General Staff of the Spanish Armada"
 cuartel_general_armada_2_desc: "The General Staff of the Spanish Armada (EMA) is the group of officers of the Spanish Navy, within its headquarters, who perform tasks of organization, operations and logistics. It was created as the Central General Staff of the Navy on December 24, 1902, to adapt the organization of the defense system to the demands derived from advances that had been experienced in military technology. When the Ministry of the Navy disappeared in 1977, it was automatically linked to the new Ministry of Defense that succeeded the previous one. It is the body in charge of providing immediate assistance to the Minister in terms of organization, operations and logistics."

